https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adorable Kitten
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerial Toastmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amateur Auteur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/By Gnome Means
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chivalrous Chevalier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Do-It-Yourself Seraph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gimme Five
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/GO TO JAIL
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Half-Kitten, Half-
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Humming-
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jackknight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Kitchen Sink (a)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Kitchen Sink (b)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Kitchen Sink (c)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Kitchen Sink (d)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Kitchen Sink (e)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Kitchen Sink (f)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Widget
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midlife Upgrade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oddly Uneven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Old Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ordinary Pony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhino-
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riveting Rigger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rules Lawyer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacrifice Play
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaggy Camel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Side Quest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Success!
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teacher's Pet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animate Library
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blurry Beeble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chipper Chopper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clocknapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crafty Octopus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crow Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defective Detective
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Five-Finger Discount
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graveyard Busybody
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Half-Shark, Half-
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incite Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindly Cognician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magic Word
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mer Man
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/More or Less
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Novellamental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Numbing Jellyfish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/S.N.E.A.K. Dispatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Socketed Sprocketer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Suck
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spy Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suspicious Nanny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Out
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Very Cryptic Command (b)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Very Cryptic Command (a)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Very Cryptic Command (c)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Very Cryptic Command (d)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Very Cryptic Command (e)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Very Cryptic Command (f)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Fortune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Big Boa Constrictor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/capital offense
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dirty Rat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extremely Slow Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Finders, Keepers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hangman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hazmat Suit (Used)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hoisted Hireling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inhumaniac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Masterful Ninja
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ninja
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Old-Fashioned Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Over My Dead Bodies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overt Operative
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/"Rumors of My Death . . ."
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skull Saucer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sly Spy (a)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sly Spy (b)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sly Spy (c)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sly Spy (d)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sly Spy (e)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sly Spy (f)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snickering Squirrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike, Tournament Grinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squirrel-Powered Scheme
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steady-Handed Mook
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stinging Scorpion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Subcontract
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summon the Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombified
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Big Idea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Box of Free-Range Goblins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bumbling Pangolin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Common Iguana
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Countdown Is at One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feisty Stegosaurus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garbage Elemental (a)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garbage Elemental (b)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garbage Elemental (c)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garbage Elemental (d)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garbage Elemental (e)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garbage Elemental (f)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Haberdasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Half-Orc, Half-
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammer Helper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammer Jammer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammerfest Boomtacular
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infinity Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/It That Gets Left Hanging
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Just Desserts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Painiac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Party Crasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steamflogger Boss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steamflogger of the Month
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steamflogger Temp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steamfloggery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Super-Duper Death Ray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Target Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Three-Headed Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Work a Double
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrench-Rigger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/As Luck Would Have It
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beast in Show
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chittering Doom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clever Combo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Druid of the Sacred Beaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eager Beaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earl of Squirrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/First Pick
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ground Pounder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Half-Squirrel, Half-
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hydradoodle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ineffable Blessing (a)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ineffable Blessing (b)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ineffable Blessing (c)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ineffable Blessing (d)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ineffable Blessing (e)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ineffable Blessing (f)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joyride Rigger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monkey-
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mother Kangaroo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Multi-Headed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Really Epic Punch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selfie Preservation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serpentine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shellephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slaying Mantis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squirrel Dealer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steamflogger Service Rep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Crocodile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Willing Test Subject
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baron Von Count
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Better Than One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cramped Bunker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dr. Julius Jumblemorph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Grand Calcutron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grusilda, Monster Masher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hot Fix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ol' Buzzbark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phoebe, Head of S.N.E.A.K.
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza, Academy Headmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/X
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mary O'Kill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Rocket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Border Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Buzzing Whack-a-Doodle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clock of DOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cogmentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contraption Cannon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curious Killbot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delighted Killbot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Despondent Killbot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enraged Killbot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entirely Normal Armchair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everythingamajig (a)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everythingamajig (b)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everythingamajig (c)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everythingamajig (d)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everythingamajig (e)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everythingamajig (f)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnome-Made Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Handy Dandy Clone Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindslaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krark's Other Thumb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Labro Bot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lobe Lobber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mad Science Fair Project
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Modular Monstrosity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Proper Laboratory Attire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Robo-
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Split Screen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staff of the Letter Magus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stamp of Approval
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steam-Powered
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steel Squirrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of Dungeons & Dragons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voracious Vacuum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secret Base
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watermarket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accessories to Murder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Applied Aeronautics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arms Depot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auto-Key
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bee-Bee Gun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boomflinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Buzz Buggy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadly Poison Sampler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dictation Quillograph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dispatch Dispensary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Division Table
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dogsnail Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dual Doomsuits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duplication Device
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Aerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genetic Recombinator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift Horse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnomeball Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Slingshot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guest List
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hard Hat Area
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Head Banger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hypnotic Swirly Disc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inflation Station
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insufferable Syphon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jamming Device
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lackey Recycler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mandatory Friendship Shackles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neural Network
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oaken Power Suit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Optical Optimizer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pet Project
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quick-Stick Lick Trick
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rapid Prototyper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Record Store
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Refibrillator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sap Sucker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sundering Fork
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Targeting Rocket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thud-for-Duds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Top-Secret Tunnel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tread Mill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turbo-Thwacking Auto-Hammer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twiddlestick Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Widget Contraption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Island
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swamp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mountain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atinlay Igpay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/AWOL
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bosom Buddy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cardpecker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cheap Ass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Protection: Art
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collector Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drawn Together
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emcee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erase (Not the Urza's Legacy One)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fascist Art Director
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/First Come, First Served
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frankie Peanuts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Head to Head
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ladies' Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Little Girl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Look at Me, I'm R&D
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Man of Measure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Save Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Standing Army
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staying Power
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wordmail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/_____
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambiguity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artful Looter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avatar of Me
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brushstroke Paintermage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bursting Beebles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnivorous Death-Parrot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cheatyface
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Double Header
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flaccify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Framed!
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Morphling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Johnny, Combo Player
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loose Lips
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magical Hacker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moniker Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mouth to Mouth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Now I Know My ABC's
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Number Crunch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Question Elemental?
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Richard Garfield, Ph.D.
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smart Ass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Counter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Topsy Turvy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aesthetic Consultation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bad Ass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodletter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Booster Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enter the Dungeon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye to Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Fallen Apart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farewell to Arms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Spawn of Infernal Spawn of Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kill! Destroy!
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mother of Goons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necro-Impotence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Persecute Artist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Librarian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stop That
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Monkey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vile Bile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wet Willie of the Damned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/When Fluffy Bunnies Attack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Working Stiff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Fanboy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zzzyxas's Abyss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assquatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blast from the Past
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of the Fire Penguin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of the Fire Penguin Creature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deal Damage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dumb Ass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Face to Face
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frazzled Editor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Mime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Secret Agent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin S.W.A.T. Team
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Flair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mons's Goblin Waiters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Paratroopers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Punctuate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pygmy Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Red-Hot Hottie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rocket-Powered Turbo Slug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sauté
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Six-y Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Touch and Go
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yet Another Aether Vortex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/B-I-N-G-O
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creature Guy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish House Party
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fat Ass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Form of the Squirrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fraction Jackson
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gluetius Maximus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Granny's Payback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graphic Violence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of the Sacred Word
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Land Aid '04
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laughing Hyena
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monkey Monkey Monkey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Name Dropping
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Old Fogey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Our Market Research Shows That Players Like Really Long Card Names So We Made this Card to Have the Absolute Longest Card Name Ever Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remodel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shoe Tree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Side to Side
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/S.N.O.T.
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone-Cold Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Supersize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Symbol Status
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uktabi Kong
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/"Ach! Hans, Run!"
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ass Whuppin'
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meddling Kids
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rare-B-Gone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Who
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/What
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/When
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Where
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Why
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gleemax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Letter Bomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Screw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mox Lotus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/My First Tome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pointy Finger of Doom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rod of Spanking
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Togglodyte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toy Boat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Hot Tub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Water Gun Balloon Game
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/World-Bottling Kit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/City of Ass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/R&D's Secret Lair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Super Secret Tech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charm School
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Cheese Stands Alone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Double Dip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Get a Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/I'm Rubber, You're Glue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Hokey Pokey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lexivore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Look at Me, I'm the DCI
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mesa Chicken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Miss Demeanor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Once More with Feeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prismatic Wardrobe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sex Appeal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bureaucracy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Censorship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Checks and Balances
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chicken à la King
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clambassadors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clam-I-Am
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clam Session
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Common Courtesy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Denied!
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Double Take
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fowl Play
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Free-for-All
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Network
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/B.F.M. (Big Furry Monster)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/B.F.M. (Big Furry Monster, Right Side)
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadhead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Double Cross
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Handcuffs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Spawn of Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jumbo Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Organ Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Poultrygeist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temp of the Damned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volrath's Motion Sensor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Cinder Fury of Crimson Chaos Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chicken Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Double Deal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Bookie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Bowling Team
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hurloon Wrangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jalum Grifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krazy Kow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Landfill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ricochet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spark Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strategy, Schmategy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Ultimate Nightmare of Wizards of the Coast® Customer Service
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cardboard Carapace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Double Play
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Impersonators
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flock of Rabid Sheep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Free-Range Chicken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gerrymandering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghazbán Ogress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Growth Spurt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hungry Hungry Heifer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incoming!
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mine, Mine, Mine!
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squirrel Farm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Team Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timmy, Power Gamer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashnod's Coupon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blacker Lotus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bronze Calendar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaos Confetti
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clay Pigeon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Fan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jack-in-the-Mox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jester's Sombrero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Mirror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paper Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rock Lobster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scissors Lizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spatula of the Ages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Contact Lenses
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Science Fair Project
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pegasus token card
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldier token card
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie token card
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin token card
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sheep token card
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squirrel token card
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vengevine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geist of Saint Traft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalia, Guardian of Thraben
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana of the Veil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snapcaster Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thran Quarry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord of Atlantis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crusade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Lyrist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/City of Brass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Hammer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Two-Headed Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slith Firewalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Royal Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sakura-Tribe Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shard Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soltari Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirling Dervish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glorious Anthem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mad Auntie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Conclave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treetop Village
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rukh Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Budoka Pupil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ichiga, Who Topples Oaks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost-Lit Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Force of Nature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sudden Shock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedge Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Entity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shriekmaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eternal Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirari's Wake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treva, the Renewer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avatar of Woe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani Goldmane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dirtcowl Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monstrous Hound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beast of Burden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lu Bu, Master-at-Arms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/False Prophet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overtaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rathi Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avatar of Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Questing Phelddagrif
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fungal Shambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone-Tongue Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laquatus's Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Throwback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Collector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of Kaldra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield of Kaldra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helm of Kaldra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ryusei, the Falling Star
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ink-Eyes, Servant of Oni
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiyomaro, First to Stand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gleancrawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Djinn Illuminatus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avatar of Discord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Allosaurus Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lotus Bloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oros, the Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Korlash, Heir to Blackblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wren's Run Packmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Door of Destinies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demigod of Revenge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overbeing of Myth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani Vengeant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malfegor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Broodmother
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Nocturnus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rampaging Baloths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Comet Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emrakul, the Aeons Torn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wurmcoil Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hero of Bladehold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glissa, the Traitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sheoldred, Whispering One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodlord of Vaasgoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mayor of Avabruck
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howlpack Alpha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archdemon of Greed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonsilver Spear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xathrid Gorgon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archon of the Triumvirate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hypersonic Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnival Hellsteed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpsejack Menace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grove of the Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consuming Aberration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fathom Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foundry Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rubblehulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasury Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maze's End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Megantic Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Archon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shipbreaker Kraken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abhorrent Overlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ember Swallower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anthousa, Setessan Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arbiter of the Ideal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eater of Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forgestoker Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nessian Wilds Ravager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawnbringer Charioteers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge of Fleets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doomwake Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawn of Thraxes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heroes' Bane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resolute Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercurial Pretender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indulgent Tormentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siege Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phytotitan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Ascendancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anafenza, the Foremost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ankle Shanker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avalanche Tusker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodsoaked Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Butcher of the Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crackling Doom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crater's Claws
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deflecting Palm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dig Through Time
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon-Style Twins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duneblast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flying Crane Technique
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Haruspex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hardened Scales
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of Anafenza
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/High Sentinels of Arashin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icy Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivorytusk Fortress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeering Instigator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeskai Ascendancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kheru Lich Lord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Ascendancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of Pearls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Narset, Enlightened Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necropolis Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakshasa Vizier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rattleclaw Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage of the Inward Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sidisi, Brood Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siege Rhino
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sultai Ascendancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surrak Dragonclaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temur Ascendancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thousand Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trail of Mystery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trap Essence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Utter End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Villainous Wealth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zurgo Helmsmasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alesha, Who Smiles at Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archfiend of Depravity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atarka, World Render
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brutal Hordechief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daghatar the Adamant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonscale General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromoka, the Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamerush Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamewake Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeskai Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kolaghan, the Storm's Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Strike Leader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mastery of the Unseen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ojutai, Soul of Winter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rally the Ancestors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage-Eye Avengers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandsteppe Mastodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaman of the Great Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shamanic Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shu Yun, the Silent Tempest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silumgar, the Drifting Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulfire Grand Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulflayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Supplant Form
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tasigur, the Golden Fang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torrent Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warden of the First Tree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildcall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yasova Dragonclaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anafenza, Kin-Tree Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arashin Foremost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arashin Sovereign
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atarka's Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avatar of the Resolute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessed Reincarnation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood-Chin Fanatic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boltwing Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crater Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Damnable Pact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathbringer Regent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Den Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonlord Atarka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonlord Dromoka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonlord Kolaghan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonlord Ojutai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonlord Silumgar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromoka's Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foe-Razer Regent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harbinger of the Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Dragonslayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icefall Regent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ire Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kolaghan's Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Lore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myth Realized
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necromaster Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ojutai's Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pitiless Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pristine Skywise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Profaner of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sidisi, Undead Vizier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silumgar Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silumgar's Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stratus Dancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunscorch Regent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surrak, the Hunt Caller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderbreak Regent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Vision
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zurgo Bellstriker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abbot of Keral Keep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alhammarret, High Arbiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra's Ignition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra, Fire of Kaladesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Petition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Despoiler of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwynen, Gilt-Leaf Daen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embermaw Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evolutionary Leap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exquisite Firecraft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Revenge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon's Phalanx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilt-Leaf Winnower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Piledriver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graveblade Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harbinger of the Tides
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hixus, Prison Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honored Hierarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace, Vryn's Prodigy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the White Orchid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kothophed, Soul Hoarder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kytheon's Irregulars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kytheon, Hero of Akros
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Languish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana, Heretical Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Managorger Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mizzium Meddler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa's Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa, Vastwood Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Outland Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pia and Kiran Nalaar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Priest of the Blood Rite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relic Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scab-Clan Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulblade Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talent of the Telepath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thopter Spy Network
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tragic Arrogance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vryn Wingmare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Willbreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akoum Firebird
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akoum Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aligned Hedron Network
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ally Encampment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrage Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beastcaller Savant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blight Herder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bring to Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brood Butcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brutal Expulsion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canopy Vista
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Glade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conduit of Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiant Bloodlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desolation Twin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonmaster Outcast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drana, Liberator of Malakir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drowner of Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dust Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emeria Shepherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endless One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exert Influence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fathom Feeder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Felidar Sovereign
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/From Beyond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon, Ally of Zendikar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greenwarden of Murasa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruesome Slaughter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian of Tazeem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guul Draz Overseer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hero of Goma Fada
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiora, Master of the Depths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lantern Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lumbering Falls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/March from the Tomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Munda, Ambush Leader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa's Renewal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noyan Dar, Roil Shaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ob Nixilis Reignited
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oblivion Sower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Omnath, Locus of Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oran-Rief Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Painful Truths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Part the Waterveil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Outburst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prairie Stream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prism Array
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quarantine Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radiant Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruinous Path
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctum of Ugin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scatter to the Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serpentine Spike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shambling Vent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrine of the Forsaken Gods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sire of Stagnation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smoldering Marsh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smothering Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunken Hollow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ugin's Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undergrowth Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran Warleader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Void Winnower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wasteland Strangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodland Wanderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zada, Hedron Grinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armored Pegasus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bull Hippo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud Pirates
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snapping Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Crow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wasteland
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voidmage Prodigy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Powder Keg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychatog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fireball
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oxidize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Leak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reciprocate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hypnotic Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyroclasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Putrefy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Helix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrath of God
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Condemn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psionic Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Edict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disenchant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recollect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Damnation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incinerate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Tithe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harmonize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ponder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptic Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Javelin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unmake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nameless Inversion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remove Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rampant Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Negate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terminate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cancel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sign in Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Fallout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Purge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bituminous Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burst Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Day of Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brave the Elements
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doom Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasure Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searing Blaze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reya Dawnbringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana's Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mitotic Slime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memnite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempered Steel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasure Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Sun's Zenith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Superion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Priest of Urabrask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormblood Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dungrove Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diregraf Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elite Inquisitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Apocalypse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strangleroot Geist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suture Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pristine Talisman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Latch Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Killing Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magmaquake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mwonvuli Beast Tracker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptborn Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dryad Militant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firemane Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zameck Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Melek, Izzet Paragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trostani's Summoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hive Stirrings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Diplomats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phalanx Leader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nighthowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pain Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiora's Follower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squelching Leeches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dictate of Kruphix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hall of Triumph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heir of the Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reclamation Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chief Engineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Shadowspear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scaleguard Sentinels
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conclave Naturalists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stasis Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immolating Glare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jori En, Ruin Diver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arena
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sewers of Estark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nalathni Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blue Elemental Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Crypt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windseeker Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Badger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scent of Cinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Hounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spined Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warmonger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silver Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Rager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace Beleren
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garruk Wildspeaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brion Stoutarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broodmate Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honor of the Pure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steward of Valeron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Colonnade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retaliator Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Skyfisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guul Draz Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa Revane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Birds of Paradise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memoricide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana Vess
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodthrone Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirran Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surgical Extraction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frost Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inferno Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra's Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faithless Looting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devil's Play
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravecrawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Electrolyze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feast of Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverblade Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Mesmerist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight Exemplar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunblast Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primordial Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cathedral of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terastodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arrest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consume Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreg Mangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Supreme Verdict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Standstill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breath of Malfegor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Glory's Rise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turnabout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightveil Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voidmage Husher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Arsonist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra's Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Render Silent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ratchet Bomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonescythe Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Battledriver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scavenging Ooze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hamletback Goliath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani, Caller of the Pride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace, Memory Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana of the Dark Realms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra, Pyromaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garruk, Caller of Beasts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Caryatid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karametra's Acolyte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fated Conflagration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/High Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaze of Granite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wash Out
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acquire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eidolon of Blossoms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magister of Worth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul of Ravnica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul of Zendikar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stealer of Secrets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Skirmisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xathrid Necromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Rabblemaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani Steadfast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace, the Living Guildpact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa, Worldwaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garruk, Apex Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temur War Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sultai Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aeronaut Tinkerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Fodder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonlord's Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evolving Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scythe Leopard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genesis Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Munda's Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepfathom Skulker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Defiler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tyrant of Valakut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gladehart Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Dark-Dwellers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earwig Squad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vexing Shusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Figure of Destiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obelisk of Alara
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of New Alara
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ant Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valakut, the Molten Pinnacle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joraga Warcaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord of Shatterskull Pass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steel Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thopter Assembly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Metamorph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garruk's Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ludevic's Test Subject
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ludevic's Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mondronen Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tovolar's Magehunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restoration Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staff of Nin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadbridge Goliath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skarrg Goliath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breaking
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colossal Whale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bident of Thassa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tromokratis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dictate of the Twin Gods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Throne of Tarkir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/In Garruk's Wake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endbringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Counterspell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stroke of Genius
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Cradle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memory Lapse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampiric Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ball Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Druids
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammer of Bogardan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tradewind Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intuition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argothian Enchantress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armageddon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Warp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Negator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deranged Hermit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hermit Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gemstone Mine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regrowth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sol Ring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mishra's Factory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exalted Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Lavamancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meddling Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pernicious Deed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Baloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cunning Wish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yawgmoth's Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vindicate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decree of Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orim's Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind's Desire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Wish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maze of Ith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stifle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Survival of the Fittest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Wish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodstained Mire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flooded Strand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polluted Delta
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windswept Heath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wooded Foothills
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sinkhole
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural Order
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Dreadnought
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thawing Glaciers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Land Tax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morphling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wheel of Fortune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of Fire and Ice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vendilion Clique
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bitterblossom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Confidant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doubling Season
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Welder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xiahou Dun, the One-Eyed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flusterstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Hierarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karmic Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sneak Attack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karakas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of Light and Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Command Tower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swords to Plowshares
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bribery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imperial Recruiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crucible of Worlds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overwhelming Forces
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Show and Tell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karador, Ghost Chieftain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Good
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riku of Two Reflections
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Force of Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hanna, Ship's Navigator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of Feast and Famine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nekusar, the Mindrazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oloro, Ageless Ascetic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravages of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dualcaster Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feldon of the Third Path
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Drain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Command Beacon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fruitcake Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gifts Given
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evil Presents
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Season's Beatings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snow Mercy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yule Ooze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naughty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stocking Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mishra's Toy Workshop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Sleigh Ride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sprouting Thrinax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woolly Thoctar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Path to Exile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellspark Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marisi's Twinclaws
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slave of Bolas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mycoid Shepherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naya Sojourners
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Control
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rise from the Grave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Duelist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Nighthawk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa's Chosen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emeria Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Firewalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leatherback Baloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hada Freeblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalastria Highborn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Syphon Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pathrazer of Ulamog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Wizardry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staggershock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathless Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Stinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golem's Heart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skinrender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master's Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Signal Pest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vault Skirge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maul Splicer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrine of Burning Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tormented Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auramancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gather the Townsfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of the Bloody Tome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Thirst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nearheath Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodcrazed Neonate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boneyard Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wood Elves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Javelineers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Temper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boomerang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Calciderm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yixlid Jailer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zoetic Cavern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Elves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Fanatic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauntless Dourbark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Axe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cenn's Tactician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oona's Blackguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravedigger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boggart Ram-Gang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wilt-Leaf Cavaliers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duergar Hedge-Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selkie Hedge-Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiritmonger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call of the Herd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chrome Mox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Umezawa's Jitte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maelstrom Pulse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lotus Cobra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primeval Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/All Is Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Batterskull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Griselbrand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoneforge Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Boa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Longbow Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Geyser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Warp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staunch Defenders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prodigal Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Rain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ophidian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jackal Pup
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quirion Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnophage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impulse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fireblast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Albino Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dissipate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Blossoms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fireslinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drain Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura of Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forbid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Feeder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/White Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bottle Gnomes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Muscle Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystalline Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Capsize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Priest of Titania
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Bombardment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scragnoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smother
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whipcorder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sparksmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Tusker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Withered Wretch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Willbender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slice and Dice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silver Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Warchief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Rift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Feeder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accumulated Knowledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avalanche Riders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reanimate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mother of Runes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brainstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rancor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seal of Cleansing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flametongue Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blastoderm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Therapy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fact or Fiction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Juggernaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Protection: Red
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kird Ape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icy Manipulator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elves of Deep Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armadillo Cloak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lobotomy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Warchief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Mongrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chainer's Edict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circular Logic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Astral Slide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arrogant Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firebolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deep Analysis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gerrard's Verdict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Basking Rootwalla
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wonder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Legionnaire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Engineered Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Ringleader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wing Shards
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Coffers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roar of the Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Force Spike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tormod's Crypt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eternal Witness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tendrils of Agony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pendelhaven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resurrection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Roots
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thirst for Knowledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serrated Arrows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isochron Scepter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrapnel Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magma Jet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitchen Finks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merrow Reejerey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wren's Run Vanquisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mulldrifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murderous Redcap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Greaves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watchwolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Browbeat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oblivion Ring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidehollow Sculler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostly Prison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Ziggurat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodbraid Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudpost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Visionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anathemancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Grip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Qasali Pridemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rift Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gatekeeper of Malakir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Nacatl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everflowing Chalice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellstutter Sprite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Omens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artisan of Kozilek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squadron Hawk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhox War Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace's Ingenuity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cultivate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teetering Peaks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contagion Clasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Go for the Throat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Lands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glistener Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Despise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tectonic Edge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dismember
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Grudge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acidic Slime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forbidden Alchemy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avacyn's Pilgrim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lingering Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pillar of Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gitaxian Probe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searing Spear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reliquary Tower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farseek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call of the Conclave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Judge's Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Cackler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Experiment One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghor-Clan Rampager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grisly Salvage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sin Collector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warleader's Helix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banisher Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Encroaching Wastes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tormented Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dissolve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magma Spray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bile Blight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banishing Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fanatic of Xenagos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brain Maggot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoke the Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frenzied Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disdainful Stroke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hordeling Outburst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suspension Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Beastmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frost Walker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serum Visions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orator of Ojutai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ultimate Price
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anticipate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa's Pilgrimage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clash of Wills
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smash to Smithereens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blighted Fen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voidslime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Factory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Groundbreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imperious Perfect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doran, the Siege Tower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bramblewood Paragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mutavault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/1996 World Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shichifukujin Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Proposal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Splendid Genesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fraternal Exaltation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Robot Chicken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pouncing Jaguar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skittering Skirge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rewind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karn, Silver Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uktabi Orangutan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pillage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enlightened Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stupor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creeping Mold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dismiss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Empyrial Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diabolic Edict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Man-o'-War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arc Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Slayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirk Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Aberration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonesplitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Ingot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glacial Ray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genju of the Spires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Okina Nightwatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyknight Legionnaire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Castigate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wee Dragonauts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coiling Oracle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surging Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Underworld Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Char
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kamahl, Pit Fighter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Putrid Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faceless Butcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twisted Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crosis, the Purger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx of the Steel Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inkwell Leviathan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazing Archon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animate Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exhume
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sickening Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Infestation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Buried Alive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last Rites
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diabolic Servitude
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Return
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystal Vein
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ebon Stronghold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polluted Mire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spark Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Marauders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Flunkies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Pyromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulshok Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chain Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Price of Progress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderbolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reverberate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flames of the Blood Hand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sudden Impact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbarian Ring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghitu Encampment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metallic Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Virulent Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amoeboid Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winged Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clot Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frenzy Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heart Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gemhide Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quick Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hibernation Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acidic Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spined Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Victual Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armor Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbed Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homing Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrotic Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fungus Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brood Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Might Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sliver Overlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fury Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Distant Melody
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aphetto Dredging
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coat of Arms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Pair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootbound Crag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rupture Spire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terramorphic Expanse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vivid Creek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vivid Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alert Shu Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eightfold Maze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Empty City Ruse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/False Defeat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flanking Troops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guan Yu, Sainted Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guan Yu's 1,000-Li March
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Huang Zhong, Shu General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kongming, "Sleeping Dragon"
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kongming's Contraptions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liu Bei, Lord of Shu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loyal Retainers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misfortune's Gain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pang Tong, "Young Phoenix"
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peach Garden Oath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rally the Troops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riding Red Hare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shu Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shu Defender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shu Elite Companions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shu Elite Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shu Farmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shu Foot Soldiers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shu General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shu Grain Caravan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shu Soldier-Farmers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Virtuous Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volunteer Militia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warrior's Stand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhang Fei, Fierce Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhao Zilong, Tiger General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balance of Power
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borrowing 100,000 Arrows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brilliant Plan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broken Dam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Capture of Jingzhou
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion's Victory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Council of Advisors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Counterintelligence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exhaustion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extinguish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forced Retreat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lady Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lu Meng, Wu General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lu Su, Wu Advisor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lu Xun, Scholar General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Denial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Preemptive Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Red Cliffs Armada
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage's Knowledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strategic Planning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Straw Soldiers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun Ce, Young Conquerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun Quan, Lord of Wu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wu Admiral
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wu Elite Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wu Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wu Light Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wu Longbowman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wu Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wu Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wu Warship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhou Yu, Chief Commander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhuge Jin, Wu Strategist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambition's Cost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cao Cao, Lord of Wei
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cao Ren, Wei Commander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coercion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupt Court Official
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cunning Advisor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deception
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desperate Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Famine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostly Visit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imperial Edict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imperial Seal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Poison Arrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Return to Battle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sima Yi, Wei Field Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stolen Grain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Catapult
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wei Ambush Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wei Assassins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wei Elite Companions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wei Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wei Night Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wei Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wei Strike Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xun Yu, Wei Advisor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Young Wei Recruits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhang He, Wei General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhang Liao, Hero of Hefei
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Pig
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Rat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Snake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbarian General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbarian Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blaze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Fields
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning of Xinye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Control of the Court
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupt Eunuchs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert Sandstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diaochan, Artful Beauty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dong Zhou, the Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eunuchs' Intrigues
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Ambush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Bowman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Independent Troops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ma Chao, Western Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mountain Bandit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravaging Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relentless Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Troops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rockslide Ambush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rolling Earthquake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warrior's Oath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yellow Scarves Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yellow Scarves General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yellow Scarves Troops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yuan Shao, the Indecisive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yuan Shao's Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Dog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Goat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borrowing the East Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/False Mourning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forest Bear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heavy Fog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hua Tuo, Honored Physician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunting Cheetah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lady Zhurong, Warrior Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lone Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marshaling the Troops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meng Huo, Barbarian King
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meng Huo's Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riding the Dilu Horse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slashing Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Southern Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spoils of Victory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spring of Eternal Peace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalking Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taoist Hermit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taoist Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taunting Challenge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Three Visits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trained Cheetah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trained Jackal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trip Wire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wielding the Green Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolf Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Horse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Monkey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Ox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Rabbit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Rooster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zodiac Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zuo Ci, the Mocking Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arrogant Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assassin's Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Wraith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charging Bandits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Craven Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Bargain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Reaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dry Spell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ebon Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endless Cockroaches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Final Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hand of Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howling Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/King's Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercenary Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Knives
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Rot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Muck Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noxious Toad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Python
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rain of Tears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raise Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serpent Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serpent Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeletal Crocodile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeletal Snake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Shred
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undying Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampiric Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampiric Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Virtue's Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wicked Pact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancestral Memories
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baleful Stare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Capricious Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloak of Feathers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Command of Unsummoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coral Eel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deep-Sea Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Déjà Vu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Djinn of the Lamp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Octopus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horned Turtle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ingenious Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Omen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Owl Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Personal Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prosperity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorcerous Sight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Symbol of Unsummoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Theft of Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thing from the Deep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Ebb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Touch of Brilliance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wind Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Withering Gaze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alluring Scent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anaconda
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bee Sting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charging Rhino
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deep Wood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elite Cat Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elven Cache
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fruition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorilla Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grizzly Bears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hurricane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Lion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mobilize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monstrous Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moon Sprite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural Spring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Cloak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Lore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Needle Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plant Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primeval Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Redwood Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rowan Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summer Bloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thundering Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treetop Defense
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Untamed Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whiptail Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Willow Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winter's Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boiling Seas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Cloak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Craven Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devastation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthquake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Snake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Tempest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flashfires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forked Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Bully
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Highland Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hill Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hulking Cyclops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hulking Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last Chance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Flow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lizard Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minotaur Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mountain Goat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pillaging Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Cougar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rain of Salt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scorching Spear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scorching Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitting Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thundermare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Granite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winds of Change
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alabaster Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ardent Militia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessed Reversal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinding Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Border Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breath of Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charging Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiant Stand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devoted Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/False Peace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleet-Footed Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foot Soldiers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift of Estates
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harsh Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keen-Eyed Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight Errant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Path of Peace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regal Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renewing Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Nectar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seasoned Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiritual Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spotted Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Starlight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Starlit Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steadfastness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stern Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporary Truce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valorous Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venerable Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Swords
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warrior's Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Panther Warriors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alaborn Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alaborn Trooper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Town Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple Acolyte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trokin High Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alaborn Musketeer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteous Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festival of Trokin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Mercy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alaborn Cavalier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alaborn Grenadier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armored Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bargain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alaborn Veteran
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steam Catapult
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteous Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Just Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talas Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talas Explorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screeching Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talas Air Ship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talas Merchant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steam Frigate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sleight of Hand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wind Sail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/False Summoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apprentice Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Air Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armored Galleon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coastal Wizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talas Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Denizen of the Deep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talas Researcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Manipulation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Piracy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dakmor Scorpion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dakmor Bat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moaning Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swarm of Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prowling Nightstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurking Nightstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raiding Nightstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chorus of Woe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predatory Nightstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brutal Nightstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abyssal Nightstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foul Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dakmor Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiss of Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodcurdling Scream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampiric Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dakmor Sorceress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightstalker Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Return of the Nightstalkers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Craving
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rain of Daggers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Piker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Mountaineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Cavaliers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Taskmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tremor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin War Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Matron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Firestarter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obsidian Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jagged Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Lore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin War Cry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brimstone Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cunning Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magma Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lynx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bear Cub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Norwood Riders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golden Bear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plated Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Norwood Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tree Monkey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Norwood Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salvage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Ox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Bear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbtooth Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironhoof Ox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renewing Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harmony of Nature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Norwood Priestess
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Yeti
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Norwood Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathcoil Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razorclaw Bear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaotic Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Interplanar Tunnel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auratouched Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morphic Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cage of Hands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mutual Epiphany
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planewide Disaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Felidar Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality Shaping
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spatial Merging
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hyena Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Distortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Spiritdancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Academy at Tolaria West
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mammoth Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Aether Flues
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigil of the Empty Throne
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agyrem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Mantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akoum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Three Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aretopolis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Augury Owl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Astral Arena
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Concentrate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodhill Bastion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guard Gomazoa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestine Reef
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Higure, the Still Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cliffside Market
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusory Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Dark Barony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistblade Shinobi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Edge of Malacol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ninja of the Deep Hours
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eloren Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peregrine Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Eon Fog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Plasma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feeding Grounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sakashima's Student
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fields of Summer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/See Beyond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Fourth Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunken Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furnace Layer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walker of Secret Ways
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gavony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Frost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glen Elendra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirlpool Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimmervoid Basin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assassinate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goldmeadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cadaver Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grand Ossuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Great Forest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grixis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grove of the Dreampods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Okiba-Gang Shinobi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedron Fields of Agadeem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skullsnatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Hippodrome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Throat Slitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horizon Boughs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immersturm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arc Trail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isle of Vesuva
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beetleback Chief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Steam Maze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erratic Explosion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jund
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Conclusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kessig
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Fall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kharasha Foothills
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kilnspire District
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellion Eruption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hissing Iguanar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lair of the Ashen Idol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mark of Mutiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lethe Lake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mass Mutiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mudbutton Torchrunner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Maelstrom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Preyseizer Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minamo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rivals' Duel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirrored Depths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thorn-Thrash Viashino
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mount Keralia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunder-Thrash Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murasa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warstorm Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naar Isle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Gnarlid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naya
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awakening Zone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nephalia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beast Within
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Norn's Dominion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boar Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Onakke Catacomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bramble Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orochi Colony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brindle Shoat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhova
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brutalizer Exarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Otaria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Panopticon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dowsing Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pools of Becoming
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreampod Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prahv
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gluttonous Slime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksilver Sea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lumberknot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raven's Run
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctum of Serra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mycoloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea of Sand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nest Invader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Loft Gardens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nullmage Advocate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shiv
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ondu Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skybreen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overrun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sokenzan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Penumbra Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stairs to Infinity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predatory Urge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stensia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quiet Disrepair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stronghold Furnace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Takenuma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silhana Ledgewalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talon Gates
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snake Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tazeem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tukatongue Thallid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tember City
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trail of the Mage-Rings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Truga Jungle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baleful Strix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turri Island
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undercity Reaches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Velis Vel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deny Reality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windriddle Palaces
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Zephyr Maze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonlair Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elderwood Scion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enigma Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enlisted Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Etherium-Horn Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fires of Yavimaya
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fusion Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glen Elendra Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellkite Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indrik Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inkfathom Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kathari Remnant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krond the Dawn-Clad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last Stand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maelstrom Wanderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noggle Ransacker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pollenbright Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shardless Agent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent-Blade Oni
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thromok the Insatiable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vela the Night-Clad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armillary Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farsight Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flayer Husk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fractured Powerstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quietus Spike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sai of the Shinobi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thran Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whispersilk Cloak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Aqueduct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exotic Orchard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graypelt Refuge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul Turf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jwar Isle Refuge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kazandu Refuge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Khalni Garden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Verge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimmering Grotto
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skarrg, the Rage Pits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Isle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroma's Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Congregate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Sanctifiers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orim's Thunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prison Term
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broodstar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fabricate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keep Watch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of Etherium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Qumulox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sarcomite Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Engineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whiplash Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ascendant Evincar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beacon of Unrest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beseech the Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cadaverous Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpse Harvester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Revival
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Baron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dregscape Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festering Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Pact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helldozer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hideous End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incremental Blight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Innocent Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nefashu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noxious Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Arena
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Profane Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotting Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shepherd of Rot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulless One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Syphon Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undead Warchief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bogardan Firefiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bogardan Rager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cone of Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamekin Harbinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furnace of Rath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Offensive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insurrection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Menacing Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyrotechnics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rockslide Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rolling Thunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rorix Bladewing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smokebraider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taurean Mauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beast Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Briarhorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Explosive Vegetation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fertile Ground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fertilid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forgotten Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivy Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Hive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Search for Tomorrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverglade Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tornado Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tribal Unity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Swiftblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Branching Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bull Cerodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captain's Maneuver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cerodon Yearling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glory of Warfare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hull Breach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mage Slayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razia, Boros Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rumbling Slum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Twister
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sludge Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arsenal Thresher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balefire Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlegate Mimic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Double Cleave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hearthfire Hobgoblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Crusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Slith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Signet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bosh, Iron Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Copper Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cranial Plating
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Forge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Door to Nothingness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Etched Oracle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gold Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iron Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leaden Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lodestone Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Warhammer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mask of Memory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nuisance Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pentad Prism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pentavus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relic of Progenitus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serum Tank
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silver Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeleton Shard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suntouched Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wizard Replica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Den
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Garrison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Great Furnace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leechridden Swamp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seat of the Synod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Oasis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunhome, Fortress of the Legion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tree of Tales
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vault of Whispers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancestral Recall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Walk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timetwister
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Lotus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mox Emerald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mox Jet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mox Pearl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mox Ruby
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mox Sapphire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Afterlife
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroma's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Screech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Trapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benevolent Bodyguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brilliant Halo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Council's Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crescendo of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deftblade Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devout Witness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gerrard's Battle Cry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilded Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gustcloak Harrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jareth, Leonine Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistmoon Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Templar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parallax Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Nomad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pianna, Nomad Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radiant, Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radiant's Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renewed Faith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shelter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sidar Jabari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soltari Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soltari Trooper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Cairn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Mirror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoic Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teroh's Faithful
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winds of Rath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhalfirin Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Academy Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aquamoeba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brain Freeze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Choking Tethers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud of Faeries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Control Magic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ephemeron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frantic Search
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Future Sight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace, the Mind Sculptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeneye Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Killer Whale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krovikan Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Muzzio, Visionary Architect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obsessive Search
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Palinchron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plea for Power
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power Sink
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rescind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrivener
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serendib Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skywing Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Fissure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalakos Drifters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Upheaval
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volrath's Shapeshifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waterfront Bouncer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Addle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baleful Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Choking Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crovax the Cursed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Mercenary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death's-Head Buzzard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drakestown Forgotten
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Expunge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fallen Askari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fledgling Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hymn to Tourach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ichorid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kezzerdrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurking Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mesmeric Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necropotence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightscape Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paralyze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Defiler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recurring Nightmare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reign of the Pit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sarcomancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirge Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spinal Graft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tyrant's Choice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Uprising
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Visara the Dreadful
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yawgmoth's Bargain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aftershock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaos Warp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chartooth Cougar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clickslither
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crater Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Falter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gamble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Commando
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Goon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Lackey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Settler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaervek's Torch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Lumberjack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rites of Initiation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge of the Throne
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirk Drill Sergeant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirk Prospector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solar Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spark Spray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Starstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sulfuric Vortex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Diffusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worldgorger Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armor of Thorns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Berserk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Channel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Claws of Wirewood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert Twister
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elephant Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erhnam Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eureka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fastbond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fyndhorn Elves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Mantis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gigapede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grizzly Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Vorine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nostalgic Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Penumbra Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Provoke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Realm Seekers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rofellos, Llanowar Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saproling Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silvos, Rogue Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simian Grunts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sudden Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Library
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Symbiotic Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tribute to the Wild
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Basandra, Battle Seraph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazing Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brago, King Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dack Fayden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dack's Duplicate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathreap Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Edric, Spymaster of Trest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Trenches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grenzo, Dungeon Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marchesa, the Black Rose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prophetic Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reviving Vapors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selvala, Explorer Returned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ankh of Mishra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chimeric Idol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/City in a Bottle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coercive Portal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cursed Scroll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Sculpture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivory Tower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lion's Eye Diamond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Prism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Masticore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memory Jar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nevinyrral's Disk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Null Rod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predator, Flagship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ring of Gix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skullclamp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smokestack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphere of Resistance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Su-Chi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thopter Squadron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triangle of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Tomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bad River
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Badlands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barren Moor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bayou
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bazaar of Baghdad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caldera Lake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flood Plain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forgotten Cave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grand Coliseum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grasslands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Necropolis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Outpost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lake of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Library of Alexandria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lonely Sandbar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mishra's Workshop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mountain Valley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pine Barrens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plateau
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rocky Tar Pit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salt Flats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savannah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scabland
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrubland
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secluded Steppe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Forest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strip Mine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taiga
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tolarian Academy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tranquil Thicket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tropical Island
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tundra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Underground Sea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Island
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Hollow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adarkar Valkyrie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amrou Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amrou Seekers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel's Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Salvagers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avian Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinding Beam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bound in Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cenn's Enlistment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudgoat Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Court Homunculus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dispeller's Capsule
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elspeth, Knight-Errant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethersworn Canonist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feudkiller's Verdict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flickerwisp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gleam of Resistance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hillcomber Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivory Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kataki, War's Wage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Greatheart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meadowboon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Otherworldly Journey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pallid Mycoderm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reveillark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saltfield Recluse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctum Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandsower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stir the Pride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonehewer Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terashi's Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Test of Faith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran Armorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yosei, the Morning Star
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aethersnipe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Careful Consideration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dampen Thought
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echoing Truth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Errant Ephemeron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erratic Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Esperzoa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Etherium Sculptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Mechanist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gifts Ungiven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glen Elendra Archmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keiga, the Tide Star
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kira, Great Glass-Spinner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Latchkey Faerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Logic Knot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meloku the Clouded Mirror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mothdust Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Narcomoeba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pact of Negation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peer Through Depths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perilous Research
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pestermite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Petals of Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reach Through Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riftwing Cloudskate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scion of Oona
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Take Possession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traumatic Visions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Dismisser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Absorb Vis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auntie's Snitch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blightspeaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bridge from Below
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Cloud
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Denied
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Rattle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepcavern Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drag Down
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreamspoiler Witches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Executioner's Capsule
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extirpate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Facevaulter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Macabre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horobi's Whisper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kokusho, the Evening Star
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Flitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peppersmoke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phthisis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rathi Trapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raven's Crime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeletal Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slaughter Pact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stinkweed Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Street Wraith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Syphon Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thieving Sprite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tombstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warren Pilferers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warren Weirding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blind-Spot Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brute Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Countryside Crusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crush Underfoot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desperate Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Empty the Warrens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fury Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grapeshot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Gargadon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grinning Ignus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammerheim Deadeye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiki-Jiki, Mirror Breaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Spike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg War Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Disaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pardic Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyromancer's Swath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rift Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squee, Goblin Nabob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stingscourger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stinkdrinker Daredevil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tar Pitcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thundercloud Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thundering Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torrent of Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tribal Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War-Spike Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Citanul Woodreaders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Durkwood Baloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echoing Courage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Dustwasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Mossdog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hana Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imperiosaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incremental Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jugan, the Rising Star
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kodama's Reach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Life from the Loam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Masked Admirers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moldervine Cloak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reach of Branches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riftsweeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rude Awakening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sporesower Thallid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sporoloth Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summoner's Pact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Bounty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tarmogoyf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thallid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thallid Germinator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thallid Shell-Dweller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tooth and Nail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tromp the Domains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdeloth the Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walker of the Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodfall Primus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grand Arbiter Augustin IV
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhoira of the Ghitu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Reliquary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Funeral
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Progenitus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sarkhan Vol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trygon Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cold-Eyed Selkie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divinity of Pride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manamorphose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oona, Queen of the Fae
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plumeveil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worm Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Spellbomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Vial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Ravager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Stinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Wanderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Worker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chalice of the Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Engineered Explosives
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Epochrasite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frogmite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Retriever
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paradise Mantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyrite Spellbomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runed Stalactite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyreach Manta
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Shackles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Academy Ruins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinkmoth Nexus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dakmor Salvage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimmervoid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vivid Crag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vivid Marsh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vivid Meadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Attended Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banishing Stroke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blade Splicer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entreat the Angels
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eyes in the Skies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon's Lawkeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graceful Reprieve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intangible Virtue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Hookmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Linvala, Keeper of Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lone Missionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master Splicer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Momentary Blink
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pitfall Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ranger of Eos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootborn Defenses
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Séance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sensor Splicer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stony Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terminus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urbis Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wake the Reflections
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Youthful Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Augur of Bolas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azure Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cackling Counterpart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Compulsive Research
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crippling Chill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclonic Rift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadeye Navigator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Familiar's Ruse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostly Flicker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grasp of Phantoms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kraken Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mist Raven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystical Teachings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opportunity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantasmal Image
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Gate Oracle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Pierce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spire Monitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tandem Lookout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Mastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venser, Shaper Savant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wing Splicer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wingcrafter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abyssal Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bone Splinters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpse Connoisseur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cower in Fear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death's Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delirium Skeins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desecration Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entomber Exarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extractor Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Falkenrath Noble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnawing Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grisly Spectacle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grixis Slavedriver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inquisition of Kozilek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Shatter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortician Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Night Terrors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Jailbreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pit Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recover
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seal of Doom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sever the Bloodline
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unburial Rites
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Aristocrat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle-Rattle Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonfire of the Damned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra's Outrage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dynacharge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hanweir Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Madcap Skills
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mizzium Mortars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Rain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Past in Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyrewild Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyromancer Ascension
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rubblebelt Maaka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scorched Rusalka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge Devil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirsdag Cultist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderous Wrath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traitorous Instinct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vithian Stinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zealous Conscripts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arachnus Spinner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arachnus Web
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baloth Cage Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Craterhoof Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death-Hood Cobra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Druid's Deliverance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Explore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fists of Ironwood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Anthem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hungry Spriggan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Might of Old Krosa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seal of Primordium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slaughterhorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slime Molding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strength in Numbers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summoning Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornscape Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thragtusk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulvenwald Tracker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vital Splicer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abrupt Decay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Advent of the Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aethermage's Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agent of Masks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agony Warp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auger Spree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bronzebeak Moa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnage Gladiator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Ultimatum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deputy of Acquittals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dinrova Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Domri Rade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evil Twin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Falkenrath Aristocrat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Electromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Germination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Rotwurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ground Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul War Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kathari Bomber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moroii
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Genesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Niv-Mizzet, Dracogenius
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obzedat, Ghost Council
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Olivia Voldaren
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pilfered Plans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sedraxis Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Sky Swallower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Manipulation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Ransom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx's Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Jester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoic Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunhome Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talon Trooper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teleportal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thundersong Trumpeter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unflinching Courage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urban Evolution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vanish into Memory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voice of Resurgence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Denial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wayfaring Temple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zur the Enchanter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aethertow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Reckoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning-Tree Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giantbaiting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift of Orzhova
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistmeadow Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sundering Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tattermunge Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torrent of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wort, the Raidmother
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Signet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Basilisk Collar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Damping Matrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Signet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Signet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grafdigger's Cage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul Signet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Signet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhov Signet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Signet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Signet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Signet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcane Sanctum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arid Mesa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Guildgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Guildgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cavern of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crumbling Necropolis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Guildgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Guildgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul Guildgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Guildgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Shrine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Flats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misty Rainforest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhov Guildgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Guildgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scalding Tarn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seaside Citadel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Guildgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Guildgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Catacombs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karn Liberated
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kozilek, Butcher of Truth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulamog, the Infinite Gyre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulamog's Crusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apostle's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlegrace Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conclave Phalanx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daybreak Coronet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dispatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hikari, Twilight Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indomitable Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iona, Shield of Emeria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of Ancient Law
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leyline of Sanctity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mighty Leap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Entity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonlit Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myrsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raise the Alarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyhunter Skirmisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Procession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunlance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunspear Shikari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taj-Nar Swordsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waxmane Baku
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Air Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argent Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flashfreeze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helium Squirter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hurkyl's Recall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inexorable Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Narcolepsy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Novijen Sages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repeal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Somber Hoverguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steady Progress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoic Rebuttal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surrakar Spellblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telling Time
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tezzeret the Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tezzeret's Gambit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtcast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrummingbird
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vapor Snag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigean Graftmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Water Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wings of Velis Vel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daggerclaw Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathmark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devouring Greed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskhunter Bat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostly Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Affliction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Instill Infection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Banshee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necroskitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plagued Rusalka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puppeteer Clique
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reassembling Skeleton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scavenger Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scuttling Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrivel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sickle Ripper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spread the Sickness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thief of Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Lacerator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Outcasts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waking Nightmare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banefire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blades of Velis Vel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodshot Trainee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Combust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonsoul Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Fireslinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin War Paint
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorehorn Minotaurs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gut Shot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellkite Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incandescent Soulstoke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inner-Flame Igniter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skarrgan Firebird
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulbright Flamekin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spikeshot Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitebellows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Splinter Twin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderblust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Slaughtermaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worldheart Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrap in Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Algae Gharial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/All Suns' Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aquastrand Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bestial Menace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commune with Nature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cytoplast Root-Kin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnarlid Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karplusan Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Primarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kozilek's Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Matca Rioters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mutagenic Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overwhelm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overwhelming Stampede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pelakka Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plummet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Root-Kin Ally
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scatter the Seeds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scion of the Wild
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scute Mob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sundering Vitae
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vines of Vastwood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolfbriar Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apocalypse Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drooling Groodion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethercaste Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost Council of Orzhova
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glassdust Hulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horde of Notions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lorescale Coatl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Snake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrogenesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pillory of the Sleepless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plaxcaster Frogling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowmage Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigil Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vengeful Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrecking Ball
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashenmoor Gouger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creakwood Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fulminator Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nobilis of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restless Apparition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrewd Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swans of Bryn Argoll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wilt-Leaf Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alloy Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinding Souleater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cathodion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chimeric Mass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Copper Carapace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Culling Dais
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Axe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Etched Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Etched Monstrosity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Expedition Map
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glint Hawk Idol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gust-Skimmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitesail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lodestone Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Long-Forgotten Gohei
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortarpod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mox Opal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Precursor Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runed Servitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rusted Relic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sickleslicer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellskite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphere of the Suns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunforger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tumble Magnet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wayfarer's Bauble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Chancery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Citadel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Temple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye of Ugin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Rot Farm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Boilerworks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhov Basilica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Carnarium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Growth Chamber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angry Mob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animate Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argivian Archaeologist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Speakers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Transformation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dust to Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elder Land Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Realm of Preservation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hallowed Ground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hand of Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Holy Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Lieutenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Town
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knights of Thorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mesa Pegasus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order of Leitbur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Petra Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Preacher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteous Avengers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seraph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunder Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tivadar's Crusade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amnesia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apprentice Wizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcane Denial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diminishing Returns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Tortoise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homarid Spawning Bed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hydroblast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionary Forces
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionary Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusions of Grandeur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Juxtapose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Remora
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Monster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polar Kraken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Purge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Venom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Merfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Sprite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seasinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunken City
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telekinesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vesuvan Doppelganger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vodalian Knights
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Word of Undoing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baron Sengir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Basal Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breeding Pit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chains of Mephistopheles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contagion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cuombajj Witches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Derelor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eater of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erg Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feast or Famine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hecatomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hyalopterous Lemure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Juzám Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Khabál Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindstab Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nether Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order of the Ebon Hand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oubliette
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrull Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrull Retainer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artifact Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bestial Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brothers of Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crookshank Kobolds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Catapult
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fissure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Chirurgeon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Grenade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Mutant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Wizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblins of the Flarg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Granite Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jokulhaups
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Warlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Flare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Márton Stromgald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mountain Yeti
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Mechanics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyroblast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spinal Villain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Varchild's War-Riders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ydwen Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Autumn Willow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnivorous Plant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chub Toad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gargantuan Gorilla
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghazbán Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hungry Mist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ice Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ifh-Bíff Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Order
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rabid Wombat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roots
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scryb Sprites
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shambling Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Singing Tree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Bears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thicket Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thorn Thallid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tornado
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wanderlust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winter Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wyluli Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Ants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adun Oakenshield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dakkon Blackblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Energy Arc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Covenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hymn of Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jacques le Vert
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lim-Dûl's Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord of Tresserhorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phelddagrif
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashnod's Transmogrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockwork Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Copper Tablet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cursed Rack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forcefield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Universe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Onulet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian War Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ring of Ma'rûf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serpent Generator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield of the Ages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Calendar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tawnos's Coffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Bauble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Chalice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walking Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winter Orb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zuran Orb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diamond Valley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Island of Wak-Wak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rainbow Vale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Voices
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argivian Blacksmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blaze of Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conversion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye for an Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Healing Salve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Island Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kismet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leeches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyr's Cry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyrs of Korlis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Osai Vultures
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Personal Incarnation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savannah Lions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Aviary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Bestiary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran Bodyguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Aesthir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acid Rain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animate Artifact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Braingeyser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Copy Artifact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drain Power
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drowned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Energy Flux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/In the Eye of Chaos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mahamoti Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Decree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantasmal Forces
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantasmal Terrain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power Artifact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reconstruction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serendib Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldevi Machinist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stasis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Transmute Artifact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Water Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclopean Mummy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathgrip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Hordes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Wight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gate to Phyrexia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravebind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hasran Ogress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howl from Beyond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Junún Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lich
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lim-Dûl's Cohort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minion of Tevesh Szat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scavenging Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sengir Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warp Artifact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weakness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Word of Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xenic Poltergeist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aladdin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ali from Cairo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bird Maiden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Detonate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fork
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Caves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Shrine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Warrens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorilla War Cry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mijae Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primitive Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Red Elemental Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roc of Kher Ridges
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rock Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sedge Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smoke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunder Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Two-Headed Giant of Foriys
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argothian Pixies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argothian Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Citanul Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crumble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drop of Honey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Instill Energy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kudzu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifeforce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Lands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radjan Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarwood Bandits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scavenger Folk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titania's Song
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tsunami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Mammoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wood Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aesthir Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Al-abara's Carpet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alchor's Tomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amulet of Kroog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armageddon Clock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashnod's Altar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Basalt Monolith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Book of Rass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bottle of Suleiman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brass Man
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bronze Horse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Candelabra of Tawnos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Sword
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clay Statue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockwork Avian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockwork Gnomes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockwork Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colossus of Sardia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coral Helm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclopean Tomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diabolic Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ebony Horse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ebony Rhino
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Floodwater Dam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flying Carpet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gauntlet of Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glasses of Urza
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grapeshot Catapult
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horn of Deafening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ice Cauldron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jade Monolith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kormus Bell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Library of Leng
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Matrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mightstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naked Singularity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obelisk of Undoing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obsianus Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pentagram of the Ages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Gate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Clay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakalite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ring of Renewal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarecrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shapeshifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldevi Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staff of Zegon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tablet of Epityr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tawnos's Wand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tawnos's Weaponry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tetravus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triassic Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Miter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vibrating Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weakstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yotian Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elephant Graveyard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oasis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Mine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Power Plant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Tower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akron Legionnaire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alabaster Potion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amrou Kithkin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call to Arms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cleanse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/D'Avenant Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Intervention
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exorcist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivory Guardians
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Blow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benthic Explorers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dance of Many
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flash Flood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infuse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Labyrinth Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Land Equilibrium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Vortex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Old Man of the Sea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reset
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reveka, Wizard Savant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiny Starfish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/All Hallow's Eve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashes to Ashes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banshee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Ants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cosmic Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Torment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evil Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fevered Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghosts of the Damned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lesser Werewolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Twist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nether Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Shackle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Takklemaggot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Abyss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Wretched
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Active Volcano
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anaba Ancestor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anaba Spirit Crafter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Lust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crimson Kobolds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crimson Manticore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disharmony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firestorm Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frost Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hurloon Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immolation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kobold Drill Sergeant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kobold Overlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kobold Taskmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kobolds of Kher Keep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm World
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arboria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Concordant Crossroads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Noble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Sprites
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Freyalise's Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Killer Bees
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Plane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reincarnation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tracker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Willow Priestess
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Willow Satyr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wormwood Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angus Mackenzie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcades Sabboth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Axelrod Gunnarson
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barktooth Warbeard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bartel Runeaxe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boris Devilboon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chromium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gabriel Angelfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gwendlyn Di Corci
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halfdane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hazezon Tamar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunding Gjornersen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jedit Ojanen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jerrard of the Closed Fist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kei Takahashi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Frostbeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lady Caleria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lady Evangela
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lady Orca
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Livonya Silone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marhault Elsdragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nebuchadnezzar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nicol Bolas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Palladia-Mors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pavel Maliki
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Princess Lucrezia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ragnar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramirez DePietro
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramses Overdark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rasputin Dreamweaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riven Turnbull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rohgahh of Kher Keep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rubinia Soulsinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sir Shandlar of Eberyn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sivitri Scarzam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stangg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunastian Falconer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tetsuo Umezawa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Lady of the Mountain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tobias Andrion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tor Wauki
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torsten Von Ursus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tuknir Deathlock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vaevictis Asmadi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wandering Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xira Arien
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arena of the Ancients
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Astrolabe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barl's Cage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Vise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bone Flute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coal Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Didgeridoo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fellwar Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gauntlets of Chaos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionary Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knowledge Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Life Chisel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nova Pentacle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sol Grail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of the Ages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voodoo Doll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/City of Shadows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammerheim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorrow's Path
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Tabernacle at Pendrell Vale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abbey Gargoyles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armor of Faith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aysen Bureaucrats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aysen Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caribou Range
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Combat Medic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Energy Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Errand of Duty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farrel's Mantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farrel's Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Phalanx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inheritance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivory Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Juniper Order Advocate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Elite Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Home Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Skycaptain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost Order of Jarkeld
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order of the Sacred Torch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order of the White Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reinforcements
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reprisal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Royal Decree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Royal Trooper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scars of the Veteran
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield Bearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sustaining Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Conjurer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Binding Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Browse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deep Spawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreams of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enervate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Flare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iceberg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icy Prison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lat-Nam's Legacy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Unseen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marjhan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mesmeric Trance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Musician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Narwhal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantasmal Mount
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Portent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ray of Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shyft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sibilant Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Lash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunder Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viscerid Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viscerid Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Kelp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wind Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zuran Spellcaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armor Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashen Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brine Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broken Visage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloak of Confusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dance of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Banishing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Consultation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drift of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dystopia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ebon Praetor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foul Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Funeral March
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gangrenous Zombies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grandmother Sengir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icequake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ihsan's Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of Stromgald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krovikan Fetish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krovikan Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krovikan Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lim-Dûl's High Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minion of Leshrac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misinformation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantasmal Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ritual of the Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Songs of the Damned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Exchange
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Kiss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stromgald Cabal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Withering Wisps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambush Party
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anarchy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/An-Zerrin Ruins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brassclaw Orcs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burnout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conquer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Spark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Errantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glacial Crevasses
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Ski Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorilla Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironclaw Orcs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karplusan Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meteor Shower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mudslide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orc General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Cannoneers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Conscripts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Farmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Squatters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Veteran
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Panic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyrokinesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retribution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rogue Skycaptain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonehands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Varchild's Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aurochs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bounty of the Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carapace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Farmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Spirit Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Filter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Thallid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Folk of the Pines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forbidden Lore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forgotten Lore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fungal Bloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fyndhorn Pollen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Johtull Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joven's Ferrets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaysa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leaping Lizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Wrath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Night Soil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ritual of Subdual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrink
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spore Cloud
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spore Flower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stampede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stunted Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thallid Devourer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thelonite Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thermokarst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tinder Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whiteout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wiitigo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woolly Mammoths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woolly Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Ancients
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diabolic Vision
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthlink
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elemental Augury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fumarole
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Trap Door Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeleton Ship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wings of Aesthir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winter's Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adarkar Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aeolipile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashnod's Cylix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbed Sextant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockwork Steed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Despotic Scepter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elkin Bottle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elven Lyre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gustha's Scepter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helm of Obedience
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jester's Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeweled Amulet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lodestone Bauble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mishra's Groundbreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Devourer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Portal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roterothopter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skull Catapult
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snow Fortress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldevi Digger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldevi Simulacrum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Bomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirling Catapult
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Trading Post
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Ruins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glacial Chasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Havenwood Battleground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heart of Yavimaya
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ice Floe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruins of Trokair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldevi Excavations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Svyelunite Temple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snow-Covered Plains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snow-Covered Island
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snow-Covered Swamp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snow-Covered Mountain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snow-Covered Forest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scion of Ugin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Battle Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Falconer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ainok Bond-Kin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani's Pridemate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Accord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archangel of Thune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Austere Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avacyn, Angel of Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benevolent Ancestor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinding Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burrenton Forge-Tender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doomed Traveler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Bell Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emerge Unscathed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Great Teacher's Decree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guard Duty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guided Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infantry Veteran
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iona's Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Path of Bravery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pentarch Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seeker of the Way
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Ascendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalwart Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Student of Ojutai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Survival Cache
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sustainer of the Realm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Topan Freeblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amass the Components
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancestral Vision
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bewilder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Broker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Claustrophobia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Condescend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consecrated Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Day of the Dragons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diminish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Distortion Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doorkeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elusive Spellfist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fog Bank
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frost Lynx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusory Ambusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace's Phantasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhessian Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mnemonic Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ojutai's Breath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riverwheel Aerialists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shriekgeist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skywise Teachings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx of Uthuun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi, Mage of Zhalfir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Scour
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windfall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abyssal Persecutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bala Ged Scorpion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balustrade Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bladewing's Thrall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodghast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bogbrew Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Butcher's Glee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Child of Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dead Reveler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eternal Thirst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festering Newt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foul-Tongue Invocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunting Hymn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord of the Pit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mer-Ek Nightblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Night of Souls' Betrayal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noxious Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ob Nixilis, the Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reave Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotfeaster Maggot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune-Scarred Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanguine Bond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tavern Swindler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtseize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrill-Kill Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulcerate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Virulent Swipe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wight of Precinct Six
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrench Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anger of the Gods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bogardan Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borderland Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charmbreaker Devils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coordinated Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crucible of Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Draconic Roar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Tempest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earth Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furnace Whelp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guttersnipe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammerhand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heat Ray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hoarding Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Halberdier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiln Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monastery Swiftspear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prodigal Pyromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge of Valkas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Splatter Thug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surreal Memoir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thundermaw Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tormenting Voice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trumpet Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urabrask the Hidden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vent Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerial Predation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assault Formation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carven Caryatid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crowned Ceratok
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Predation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskdale Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enlarge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genesis Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunt the Weak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunting Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inspiring Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jaddi Offshoot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lead the Stampede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Claim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Netcaster Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obstinate Baloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overgrown Battlement
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prey's Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sultai Flayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timberland Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undercity Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildsize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bladewing the Risen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blizzard Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Baron of Vizkopa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chronicler of Heroes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firemane Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimpse the Unthinkable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rosheen Meanderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savageborn Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vizkopa Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bubbling Cauldron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonloft Idol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian Idol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kolaghan Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manakin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindcrank
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mishra's Bauble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonglove Extract
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oblivion Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Palladium Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandstone Oracle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serum Powder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Star Compass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thran Dynamo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trepanation Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graven Cairns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grove of the Burnwillows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horizon Canopy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nimbus Maze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radiant Fountain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River of Tears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Riftwatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ballynock Cohort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coalition Honor Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elite Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faith's Fetters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Field of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimmerpoint Stag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honden of Cleansing Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Humble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mesa Enchantress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistral Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monk Idealist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pacifism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rally the Peasants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Second Thoughts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulcatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unexpectedly Absent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Priest of Thune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Welkin Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whitemane Lion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcanis the Omnipotent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Twist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaseous Form
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glacial Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honden of Seeing Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jetting Glasskite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Looter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystical Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oona's Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Ingester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quiet Speculation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screeching Skaab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shoreline Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent Departure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sprite Noble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stupefying Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warden of Evos Isle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Annihilate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blightsoil Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Artist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Braids, Cabal Minion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadbridge Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eyeblight's Ending
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Havoc Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honden of Night's Reach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lys Alana Scarblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malicious Affliction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nausea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nekrataal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Night's Whisper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Gargantua
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prowling Pangolin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sengir Autocrat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skulking Ghost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toxic Deluge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tragic Slip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Victimize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wake of Vultures
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wakedancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avarax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Squadron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carbonize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desperate Ravings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fervent Cathar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Jab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghitu Slinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honden of Infinite Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Oriflamme
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seismic Stomp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siege-Gang Commander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tooth and Claw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undying Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildfire Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Young Pyromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abundant Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancestral Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Chieftain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Civic Wayfinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commune with the Gods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emperor Crocodile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flinthoof Boar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Green Sun's Zenith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heritage Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honden of Life's Web
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invigorate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lys Alana Huntmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nimble Mongoose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regal Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seal of Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sentinel Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornweald Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timberwatch Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Werebear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirewood Symbiote
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xantid Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Enchantress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extract from Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame-Kin Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glare of Subdual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaman of the Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderclap Wyvern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zealous Persecution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call the Skybreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathrite Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Solifuge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duplicant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emmessi Tome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Charbelcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Millikin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindless Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pilgrim's Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prismatic Lens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sensei's Divining Top
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ticking Gnomes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worn Powerstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodfell Caves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blossoming Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dismal Backwater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Hollow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rugged Highlands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scoured Barrens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swiftwater Cliffs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornwood Falls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tranquil Cove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wind-Scarred Crag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Act of Heroism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroma, Angel of Wrath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Page
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudshift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darien, King of Kjeldor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauntless Cathar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fencing Ace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiend Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geist of the Moors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gods Willing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Griffin Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karona's Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Skyward Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loyal Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Luminarch Ascension
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lunarch Mantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nyx-Fleece Ram
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ordeal of Heliod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Promise of Bunrei
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rest in Peace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valor in Akros
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blue Sun's Zenith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brine Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coralhelm Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Court Hussar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curiosity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cursecatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon's Eye Savants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exclude
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fathom Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Freed from the Real
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genju of the Falls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost Ship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horseshoe Crab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jalira, Master Polymorphist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murder of Crows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic of the Hidden Way
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantasmal Bear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reef Worm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retraction Helix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Totally Lost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twisted Image
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vesuvan Shapeshifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodhunter Bat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caustic Tar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadly Designs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dirge of Dread
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disfigure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doomsday
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dusk Legion Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fallen Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hell's Caretaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horror of the Broken Lands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nezumi Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Obliterator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ratcatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Chupacabra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relentless Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Returned Phalanx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruthless Ripper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Supernatural Stamina
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triskaidekaphobia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undead Gladiator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unearth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Will-o'-the-Wisp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zulaport Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Act of Treason
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroma, Angel of Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crimson Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eidolon of the Great Revel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enthralling Victor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortune Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin War Drums
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Humble Defector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Chemister
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Wheel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyre Hound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simian Spirit Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeletonize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirk Commando
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spikeshot Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thresher Lizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uncaged Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ainok Survivalist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambassador Oak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Stirrings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arbor Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azusa, Lost but Seeking
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broodhatch Nantuko
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colossal Dreadmaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Courser of Kruphix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Piper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ember Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Epic Confrontation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fierce Empath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iwamori of the Open Fist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Climber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of the Wild Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nettle Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Presence of Gond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Protean Hulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stampede Driver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timberpack Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tree of Redemption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Utopia Sprawl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vessel of Nascency
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildheart Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woolly Loxodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animar, Soul of Elements
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baloth Null
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudblazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conflux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eladamri's Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gisela, Blade of Goldnight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Notion Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prossh, Skyraider of Kher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksilver Dagger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruric Thar, the Unbowed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assembly-Worker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coalition Relic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ensnaring Bridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heavy Arbalest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nihil Spellbomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perilous Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prophetic Prism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Self-Assembler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strionic Resonator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sundering Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swiftfoot Boots
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasure Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ash Barrens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cascade Bluffs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fetid Heath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flooded Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunted Fengraf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mikokoro, Center of the Sea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myriad Landscape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rishadan Port
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rugged Prairie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twilight Mire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Mindcensor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Containment Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oketra the True
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Counterbalance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divert
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kefnet the Mindful
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Attrition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bontu the Glorified
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diabolic Intent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aggravated Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hazoret the Fervent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhonas the Indomitable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Omniscience
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opposition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Threads of Disloyalty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desolation Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/No Mercy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shatterstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Through the Breach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Choke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Locust God
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord of Extinction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Scarab God
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Scorpion God
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cataclysmic Gearhulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torrential Gearhulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noxious Gearhulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Combustible Gearhulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdurous Gearhulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion's Helm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chromatic Lantern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudstone Curio
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gauntlet of Power
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hangarback Walker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lotus Petal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind's Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Painter's Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rings of Brighthearth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scroll Rack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sculpting Steel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solemn Simulacrum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Static Orb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steel Overseer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defense Grid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extraplanar Lens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grindstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meekstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ornithopter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paradox Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pithing Needle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Bridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Platinum Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staff of Domination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of Body and Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of War and Peace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trinisphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hallowed Fountain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watery Grave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Crypt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stomping Ground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple Garden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Godless Shrine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steam Vents
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overgrown Tomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Foundry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breeding Pool
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Gate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunken Ruins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire-Lit Thicket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wooded Bastion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dust Bowl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forbidden Orchard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Haven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Confluence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beacon of Immortality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shielded by Faith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran's Reflexes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vow of Duty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Gale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blatant Thievery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Sovereign
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unsummon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vow of Flight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodbond Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coat with Venom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necropolis Regent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urge to Feed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Interloper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Noble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disaster Radius
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rush of Adrenaline
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shared Animosity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vow of Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borderland Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunter's Prowess
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prey Upon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul of the Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vow of Wildness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adaptive Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksilver Amulet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archangel Avacyn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avacyn, the Purifier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arguel's Blood Fast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Aclazotz
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arlinn Kord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arlinn, Embraced by the Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodline Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord of Lineage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bruna, the Fading Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brisela, Voice of Nightmares
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra, Roaring Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delver of Secrets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insectile Aberration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elbrus, the Binding Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Withengar Unbound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garruk Relentless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garruk, the Veil-Cursed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gisela, the Broken Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Huntmaster of the Fells
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravager of the Fells
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace, Telepath Unbound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon, Battle-Forged
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana, Defiant Necromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa, Sage Animist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Depths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helvault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memnarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Momir Vig, Simic Visionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Near-Death Experience
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obliterate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Processor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tolaria West
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unmask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archangel of Strife
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aurelia, the Warleader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baneslayer Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iridescent Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jenara, Asura of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tariel, Reckoner of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cataclysm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Child of Alara
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decree of Annihilation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firespout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fracturing Gust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martial Coup
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangle Wire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilded Lotus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chameleon Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kessig Wolf Run
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boseiju, Who Shelters All
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Coliseum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dryad Arbor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/High Market
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murmuring Bosk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Gorge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vesuva
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windbrisk Heights
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captain Sisay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kresh the Bloodbraided
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mikaeus, the Lunarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Omnath, Locus of Mana
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rafiq of the Many
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sharuum the Hegemon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jester's Cap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mox Diamond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tinker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Draco
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Whelp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Form of the Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellkite Overlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rith, the Awakener
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambush Commander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Eulogist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Harbinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gempalm Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heedless One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonewood Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Messenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voice of the Woods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wellwisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirewood Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Promenade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slate of Ancestry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirewood Lodge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akki Coalflinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emberwilde Augur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamewave Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gempalm Incinerator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Cohort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Sledder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirk Fire Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirk Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boggart Shenanigans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tarfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Burrows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elf Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of Waves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aquitect's Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Engulf the Shore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Scatter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inkfathom Divers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of the Pearl Trident
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Wayfinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Spring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misdirection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootwater Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scroll Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Streambed Aquitects
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidebinder Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triton Tactics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wake Thrasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blighted Cataract
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warren Instigator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boggart Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brute Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cleaver Riot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ember Hauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foundry Street Denizen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Chieftain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Glory Chaser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Razerunners
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Tunneler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Wardriver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krenko, Mob Boss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krenko's Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brittle Effigy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blighted Gorge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beacon of Tomorrows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deep-Sea Kraken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sift Through Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talrand, Sky Summoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Unspeakable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Meteor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firemind's Foresight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nivix Cyclops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellheart Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nucklavee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lovisa Coldeyes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beacon of Destruction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boldwyr Intimidator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kruin Striker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zo-Zu the Punisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beast Attack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudcrown Oak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Increasing Savagery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skarrgan Pit-Skulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talara's Battalion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radha, Heir to Keld
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relentless Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guttural Response
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rubblebelt Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa, Voice of Zendikar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abundance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudthresher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crop Rotation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilt-Leaf Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jaddi Lifestrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural Connection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oakgnarl Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oran-Rief Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saddleback Lagac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seek the Horizon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thicket Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vines of the Recluse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodborn Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fertile Thicket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mosswort Bridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Altar's Reap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blistergrub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrier Thrall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demon's Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fetid Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foul Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Scorpion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Discovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mire's Toll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pestilence Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quest for the Gravelord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadows of the Past
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smallpox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tendrils of Corruption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unhallowed Pact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Scion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonds of Faith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cathedral Sanctifier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion of the Parish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chapel Geist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dearly Departed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eerie Interlude
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elder Cathar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emancipation Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goldnight Redeemer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Increasing Devotion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moorland Inquisitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rebuke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slayer of the Wicked
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Gateguards
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraben Heretic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Topplegeist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Village Bell-Ringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voice of the Provinces
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captain of the Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gryff Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nephalia Smuggler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pore Over the Pages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower Geist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Butcher's Cleaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sharpened Pitchfork
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seraph Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindwrack Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Compelling Deterrence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Havengul Runebinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Makeshift Mauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relentless Skaabs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrapskin Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stitched Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abattoir Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Appetite for Brains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barter in Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Butcher Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Driver of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghoulraiser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harvester of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Human Frailty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moan of the Unhallowed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tooth Collector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tribute to Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unbreathing Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Victim of Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diregraf Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cobbled Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Human
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avenger of Zendikar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Affa Guard Hound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caravan Escort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kabira Vindicator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of Cliffhaven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Makindi Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repel the Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sheer Drop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beastbreaker of Bala Ged
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daggerback Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frontier Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graypelt Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grazing Gladehart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Groundswell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joraga Bard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Khalni Heart Expedition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retreat to Kazandu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tajuru Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Territorial Baloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turntimber Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Explorer's Scope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seer's Sundial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonework Puma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stirring Wildwood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turntimber Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/It That Betrays
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodrite Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Butcher of Malakir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consume the Meek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpsehatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dominator Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartstabber Mosquito
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Induce Despair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Casualties
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pawn of Ulamog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Read the Bones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emrakul's Hatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forked Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magmaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torch Slinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forerunner of Slaughter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akoum Refuge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Spawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elspeth, Sun's Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captain of the Watch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Flare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Court Street Denizen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauntless Onslaught
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dictate of Heliod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gempalm Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gustcloak Savior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gustcloak Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gustcloak Skirmisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kinsbaile Skirmisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Partisan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortal's Ardor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Precinct Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Parry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Standing Troops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran Armorsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran Swordsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiora, the Crashing Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Omenspeaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peel from Reality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sealock Monster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surrakar Banisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whelming Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nessian Asp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time to Feed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nimbus Swimmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plasm Capture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of the False God
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kraken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Snarecaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Deathraiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellraiser Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleshbag Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hell's Thunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shambling Remains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Heart-Piercer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oni of Wild Places
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Abandon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Cannonade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fury of the Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nomad Outpost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Impostor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coral Trickster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeskai Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sparkmage Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master Decoy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echo Tracer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonecloaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aquamorph Entity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hussar Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Invaders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleeting Distraction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stave Off
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swift Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hold the Line
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inferno Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steam Augury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arrow Volley Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Monastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace, Architect of Thought
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chronomaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Figment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crosstown Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krovikan Mist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archaeomancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantasmal Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Body Double
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leyline Phantom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aeon Chronicler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace's Mindseeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agoraphobia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Into the Roil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prohibit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Griptide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summoner's Bane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spelltwine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Statuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halimar Depths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vraska the Unseen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulse Tracker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadow Alley Denizen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gatecreeper Vine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vinelasher Kudzu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Putrid Leech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sadistic Augermage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slate Street Ruffian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oran-Rief Recluse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawnwrithe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonefare Crocodile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ohran Viper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpse Traders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festerhide Boar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mold Shambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Highway Robber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reaper of the Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hypnotic Cloud
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasured Find
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last Kiss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stab Wound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Underworld Connections
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consume Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rogue's Passage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Wood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Somberwald Vigilante
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cavalry Pegasus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraben Valiant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stun Sniper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Truefire Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Freewind Equenaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anax and Cymede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armory Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawnstrike Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daily Regimen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pay No Heed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteousness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stand Firm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ordeal of Purphoros
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moment of Heroism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Mastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Griffin Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smite the Monstrous
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Miraculous Recovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/New Benalia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polukranos, World Eater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadly Recluse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Satyr Hedonist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhur-Taa Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Troll Ascetic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghor-Clan Savage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deus of Calamity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conquering Manticore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valley Rannet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skarrgan Skybreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shower of Sparks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terrifying Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Destructive Revelry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volt Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Reborn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorin, Lord of Innistrad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twilight Drover
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodrage Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mausoleum Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revenant Patriarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire's Bite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decompose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorin's Thirst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mark of the Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tibalt, the Fiend-Blooded
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Arsonist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashmouth Hound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coal Stoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lavaborn Muse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mad Prophet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gang of Devils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bump in the Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazing Salvo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Slash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geistflame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recoup
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strangling Soot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breaking Point
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gelectrode
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steamcore Weird
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Savant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galvanoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Chronarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call to Heel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Train of Thought
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyromatics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reminisce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderheads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vacuumelt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overwhelming Intellect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx-Bone Wand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Street Spasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invoke the Firemind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nivix, Aerie of the Firemind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jarad, Golgari Lich Lord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Thug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Korozda Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shambling Shell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brain Weevil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Grave-Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stingerfling Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sadistic Hypnotist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doomgape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghoul's Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yoke of the Damned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightmare Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigor Mortis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Flowering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twilight's Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Svogthos, the Restless Tomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venser, the Sojourner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coral Fighters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minamo Sightbender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neurok Invisimancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slith Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sky Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galepowder Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Cartographer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptic Annelid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sawtooth Loon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cache Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windreaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jedit's Dragoons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Preordain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigil of Sleep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revoke Existence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Safe Passage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steel of the Godhead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overrule
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sejiri Refuge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soaring Seacliff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Koth of the Hammer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plated Geopede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pygmy Pyrosaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Membrane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Hellhound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cosi's Ravager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulshok Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodfire Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geyser Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lithophage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earth Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Stone Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodfire Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Journeyer's Kite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulshok Morningstar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulshok Battlegear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Downhill Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seismic Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spire Barrage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jaws of Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volley of Boulders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loam Lion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canyon Wildcat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jade Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleetfoot Panther
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Hierarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitemare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ageless Entity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pride of Lions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nacatl Hunt-Pride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani's Mantra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recumbent Bliss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searing Meditation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Behemoth Sledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naya Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titanic Ultimatum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sapseep Forest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nicol Bolas, Planeswalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surveilling Sprite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slavering Nulls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brackwater Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morgue Toad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellfire Mongrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Cutpurse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire-Field Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhessian Zombies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Igneous Pouncer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Countersquall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obelisk of Grixis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recoil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undermine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grixis Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agonizing Demise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elder Mastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suffering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lionheart Maverick
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of Meadowgrain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Skyhunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knotvine Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhalfirin Commander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kinsbaile Cavalier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyhunter Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plover Knights
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Juniper Order Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paladin of Prahv
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harm's Way
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Edge of Autumn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heroes' Reunion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spidersilk Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sejiri Steppe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodmark Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire-Belly Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonspeaker Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Henge Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voracious Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mordant Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kilnmouth Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon's Claw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breath of Darigaaz
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Punishing Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captive Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seething Song
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Claws of Valakut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporary Insanity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shiv's Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goldmeadow Harrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mosquito Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glory Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Aeronaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burrenton Bombardier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kemba's Skyguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormfront Riders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Catapult Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conclave Equenaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Salvation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Journey to Nowhere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razor Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abolish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saltblast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swell of Courage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daru Encampment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kabira Crossroads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rustic Clachan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steel Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serrated Biskelion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trinket Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockwork Condor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Synod Centurion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockwork Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razormane Masticore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triskelion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elixir of Immortality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Energy Chamber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trip Noose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argivian Restoration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalking Stones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Battleflies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Denouncer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bone Shredder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Priest of Gix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Broodlings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanguine Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Debaser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order of Yawgmoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Plaguelord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Hulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voltaic Key
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Totem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puppet Strings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hornet Cannon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornscape Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nomadic Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quirion Elves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunscape Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderscape Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verduran Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charging Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gerrard Capashen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darigaaz, the Igniter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evasive Action
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gerrard's Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Narrow Escape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exotic Curse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darigaaz's Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rith's Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treva's Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Allied Strategies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elfhame Palace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hornet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saproling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vine Trellis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirewood Savage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stampeding Wildebeests
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indrik Stomphowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plated Slagwurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genju of the Cedars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lignify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slippery Karst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathgreeter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost-Lit Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Bats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drudge Skeletons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Syphon-Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Bone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howling Banshee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keening Banshee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genju of the Fens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bad Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vicious Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ichor Slick
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snuff Out
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mutilate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enslave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Advocate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twilight Shepherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Luminous Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelsong
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra's Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Benediction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra's Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteous Cause
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel's Feather
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marble Diamond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abyssal Gatekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dusk Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overeager Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soot Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demon's Jester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Souldrinker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cackling Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reiver Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kuro, Pitlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unholy Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oni Possession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Promise of Power
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demon's Horn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyr of Frost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voidmage Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Deceit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fledgling Mawcor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waterspout Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spire Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksilver Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repulse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terrain Generator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra Nalaar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamekin Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyre Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inner-Flame Acolyte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Pit Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ingot Chewer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oxidda Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hostility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seal of Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Megaliths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elemental Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Advantageous Proclamation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Backup Plan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brago's Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Double Stroke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immediate Action
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iterative Analysis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Muzzio's Preparations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power Play
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secret Summoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secrets of Paradise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sentinel Dispatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unexpected Potential
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worldknit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brago's Representative
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Council Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Custodi Soulbinders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Custodi Squire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rousing of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marchesa's Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marchesa's Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Split Decision
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bite of the Black Rose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grudge Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enraged Revolutionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grenzo's Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grenzo's Rebuttal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ignition Team
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasonous Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predator's Howl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selvala's Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selvala's Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamewright
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marchesa's Smuggler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodvine Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Searcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agent of Acquisitions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canal Dredger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cogwork Grinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cogwork Librarian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cogwork Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cogwork Tracker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deal Broker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lore Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurking Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whispergear Sneak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paliano, the High City
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani's Sunstriker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apex Hawks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Courier Hawk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian Zendikon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pillarfield Ox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pride Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pristine Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverchase Fox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unquestioned Authority
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valor Made Real
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wakestone Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Tradewinds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breakthrough
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crookclaw Transmuter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Fracture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enclave Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Favorable Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grixis Illusionist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minamo Scrollkeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plated Seastrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Scholar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screaming Seahawk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stasis Cell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traveler's Cloak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turn the Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wind Dancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ill-Gotten Gains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infectious Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Mirror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morkrut Banshee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necromantic Thirst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phage the Untouchable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quag Vampires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Spite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeletal Scrying
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stronghold Discipline
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Typhoid Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Hexmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Goliath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbed Shocker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brimstone Volley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathforge Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flaring Flame-Kin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartless Hidetsugu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heckling Fiends
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Geyser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pitchburn Devils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power of Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skitter of Lizards
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torch Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uncontrollable Anger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Copperhorn Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exploration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gamekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howling Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunger of the Howlpack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hydra Omnivore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relic Crush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Respite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scaled Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sporecap Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squirrel Nest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrap in Vigor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decimate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Doppelganger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spontaneous Combustion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wood Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Altar of Dementia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathrender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fireshrieker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galvanic Juggernaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peace Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reito Lantern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent Arbiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Searchlight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Orrery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warmonger's Chariot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirrodin's Core
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reflecting Pool
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adriana's Valor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assemble the Rank and Vile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echoing Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emissary's Ploy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hired Heist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hold the Perimeter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hymn of the Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incendiary Dissent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural Unity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sovereign's Realm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summoner's Bond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weight Advantage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ballot Broker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Custodi Peacekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Custodi Soulcaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lieutenants of the Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Banneret
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Palace Jailer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Palace Sentinels
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paliano Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Protector of the Crown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recruiter of the Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctum Prelate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Throne Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wings of the Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcane Savant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canal Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coveted Peacock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Expropriate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusion of Choice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionary Informant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeering Homunculus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of Keys
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Messenger Jays
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skittering Crustacean
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spire Phantasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stunt Double
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archdemon of Paliano
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Capital Punishment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Custodi Lich
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garrulous Sycophant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marchesa's Decree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regicide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sinuous Vermin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smuggler Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thorn of the Black Rose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Besmirch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown-Hunter Hireling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deputized Protester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garbage Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Racketeer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grenzo, Havoc Raiser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grenzo's Ruffians
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyretic Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyline Despot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Subterranean Tremors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volatile Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animus of Predation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borderland Explorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caller of the Untamed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Domesticated Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entourage of Trest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fang of the Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leovold's Operative
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Menagerie Liberator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orchard Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regal Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selvala, Heart of the Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selvala's Stampede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Splitting Slime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adriana, Captain of the Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daretti, Ingenious Iconoclast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaya, Ghost Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knights of the Black Rose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leovold, Emissary of Trest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Queen Marchesa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spy Kit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Throne of the High City
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faith's Reward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostly Possession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian of the Gateless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hail of Arrows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hallowed Burial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hollowhenge Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hundred-Handed One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kill Shot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pariah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reviving Dose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit of the Hearth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windborne Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zealous Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonds of Quicksilver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caller of Gales
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloaked Siren
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Covenant of Minds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deceiver Exarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desertion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Followed Footsteps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Into the Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of the Crescent Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Skyscout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx of Magosi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vaporkin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vertigo Spawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood-Toll Harpy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diabolic Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farbog Boneflinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festergloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guul Draz Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keepsake Gorgon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mausoleum Turnkey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Public Execution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sangromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shambling Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stromkirk Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unnerve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burn Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ember Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Balloon Brigade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gratuitous Violence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Havengul Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hurly-Burly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ill-Tempered Cyclops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoneshock Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sulfurous Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twin Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brushstrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burgeoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fade into Antiquity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Irresistible Prey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lace with Moonglove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lay of the Land
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manaplasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Leucrocota
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voyaging Satyr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroan Hoplite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ascended Lawmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskmantle Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pharika's Mender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shipwreck Singer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormchaser Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bronze Sable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedron Matrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hexplate Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horn of Greed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opaline Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychosis Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alliance of Arms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Arbiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arbiter of Knollridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bathe in Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hour of Reckoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jötun Grunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightkeeper of Emeria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyr's Bond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monk Realist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oblation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pollen Lullaby
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Return to Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shattered Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spurnmage Advocate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Herd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voice of All
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windborn Muse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chromeshell Crab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conundrum Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreamborn Muse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gomazoa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memory Erosion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minds Aglow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murmurs from Beyond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Propaganda
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reins of Power
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riddlekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scattering Stroke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyscribing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slipstream Eel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Crumple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trade Secrets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trench Gorger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Plotter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vision Skeins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirlpool Whelm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Cacodemon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evincar's Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Footbottom Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortivore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Husk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nemesis Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nezumi Graverobber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nighteyes the Desecrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patron of the Nezumi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razorjaw Oni
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scythe Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sewer Nemesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shared Trauma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stitch Together
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Syphon Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vow of Malice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avatar of Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avatar of Slaughter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chain Reaction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cleansing Beam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death by Dragons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faultgrinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Cadets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lash Out
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magmatic Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana-Charged Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyrohemia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rapacious One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stranglehold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Ricochet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baloth Woodcrasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cobra Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collective Voyage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadwood Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hornet Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lhurgoyf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Vineyard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squallmonger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran Explorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Despair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Shards
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chorus of the Conclave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colossal Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Damia, Sage of Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desecrator Hag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dominus of Fealty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghave, Guru of Spores
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gwyllion Hedge-Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intet, the Dreamer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaalia of the Vast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master Warcraft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Mimeoplasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nin, the Pain Artist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Numot, the Devastator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhov Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruhan of the Fomori
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Evangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigil Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skullbriar, the Walking Grave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Szadek, Lord of Secrets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teneb, the Harvester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vish Kal, Blood Arbiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vorosh, the Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulturous Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrexial, the Risen Deep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zedruu the Greathearted
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acorn Catapult
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreamstone Hedron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howling Mine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triskelavus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bojuka Bog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreadship Reef
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fungal Reaches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homeward Path
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Slagheap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerie Mystics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Finality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of the Forsaken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flickerform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kirtar's Wrath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempt with Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azami, Lady of Scrolls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Inertia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diviner Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Djinn of Infinite Deceits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dungeon Geists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hada Spy Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornwind Faeries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banshee of the Dread Choir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Bairn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion of Stray Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpse Augur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Summons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge of Nel Toth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thief of Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wretched Confluence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bane of Progress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beastmaster Ascension
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodspore Thrinax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caller of the Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Vinecrasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collective Unconscious
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creeperhulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drove of Elves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Archdruid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Skysweeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ezuri, Renegade Leader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farhaven Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fresh Meat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Freyalise, Llanowar's Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Sifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Great Oak Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunting Triad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immaculate Magistrate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kazandu Tuskcaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kessig Cagebreakers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifeblood Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mulch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pathbreaker Ibex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Nantuko
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Praetor's Counsel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primordial Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Satyr Wayfinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siege Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silklash Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skullwinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Song of the Dryads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spider Spawning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Safekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderfoot Baloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titania, Protector of Argoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titania's Chosen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wave of Vitriol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirlwind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolfcaller's Howl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Derevi, Empyrial Tactician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leafdrake Roost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lotleth Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mazirek, Kraul Death Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meren of Clan Nel Toth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roon of the Hidden Realm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyward Eye Prophets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winged Coatl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murkfiend Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assault Suit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Keyrune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonehoard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commander's Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conjurer's Closet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emerald Medallion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Bladetrap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loreseeker's Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moss Diamond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surveyor's Scope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of the Paruns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Vessel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thousand-Year Elixir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderstaff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bant Panorama
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gargoyle Castle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost Quarter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Backwoods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Basin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal Palace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oran-Rief, the Vastwood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saltcrusted Steppe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Transguild Promenade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decree of Pain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhystic Study
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alms Collector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balan, Wandering Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Vitality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortunate Few
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindred Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scalelord Reckoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalking Leonin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Protection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Verbosity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galecaster Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindred Discovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Portal Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodline Necromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boneyard Scourge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Disturbance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kheru Mind-Eater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindred Dominance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/New Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patron of the Vein
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vindictive Lich
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodsworn Steward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crimson Honor Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Opulence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disrupt Decorum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindred Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shifting Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Territorial Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Bounty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hungry Lynx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindred Summons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Qasali Slingers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traverse the Outlands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arahbo, Roar of the World
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Edgar Markov
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fractured Identity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inalla, Archmage Ritualist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kess, Dissident Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Licia, Sanguine Tribune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mairsil, the Pretender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mathas, Fiend Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirri, Weatherlight Duelist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nazahn, Revered Bladesmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/O-Kagachi, Vengeful Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taigam, Ojutai Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taigam, Sidisi's Hand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Ur-Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wasitora, Nekoru Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodforged Battle-Axe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammer of Nazahn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heirloom Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald's Horn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror of the Forebears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramos, Dragon Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Path of Ancestry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blind Obedience
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Reckoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fell the Mighty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jazal Goldmane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kemba, Kha Regent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Arbiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Relic-Warder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Shikari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oreskos Explorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raksha Golden Cub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seht's Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/White Sun's Zenith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clone Legion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merchant of Secrets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monastery Siege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polymorphist's Jest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality Shift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serendib Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anowon, the Ruin Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apprentice Necromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Market
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Tribute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodhusk Ritualist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captivating Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consuming Vapors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crux of Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Impostor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drana, Kalastria Bloodchief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Abyss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malakir Bloodwitch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necromantic Selection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Palace Siege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vein Drinker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Outpost Siege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakish Heir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tyrant's Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Utvara Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crushing Vines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elemental Bond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frontier Siege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jedit Ojanen of Efrava
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rain of Thorns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul's Majesty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temur Sabertooth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zendikar Resurgent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cauldron Dance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crosis's Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleecemane Lion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Havengul Lich
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memory Plunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merciless Eviction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercurial Chemister
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nivix Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Nishoba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Ventmaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scion of the Ur-Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellbound Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stromkirk Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tithe Drinker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argentum Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blade of the Bloodchief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fist of Suns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grappling Hook
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedron Archive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hero's Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of the Animist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unstable Obelisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Well of Lost Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blighted Woodland
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Barrens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crucible of the Spirit Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forsaken Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frontier Bivouac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grixis Panorama
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haven of the Spirit Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystifying Maze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opulent Palace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandsteppe Citadel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Quarry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tranquil Expanse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Volcano
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duelist's Heritage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entrapment Maneuver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhov Advokist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selfless Squire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sublime Exhalation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coastal Breach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepglow Skate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Artisans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grip of Phyresis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manifold Insights
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Entertainment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curtains' Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parting Thoughts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charging Cinderhorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divergent Transformations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frenzied Fugue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Spymaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runehorn Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benefactor's Draught
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evolutionary Escalation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primeval Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seeds of Renewal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonehoof Chieftain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akiri, Line-Slinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Excavation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atraxa, Praetors' Voice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breya, Etherium Shaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bruse Tarl, Boorish Herder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Upheaval
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ikra Shidiqi, the Usurper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ishai, Ojutai Dragonspeaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kraum, Ludevic's Opus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kydele, Chosen of Kruphix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kynaios and Tiro of Meletis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ludevic, Necro-Alchemist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Migratory Route
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravos, Soultender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reyhan, Last of the Abzan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saskia the Unyielding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sidar Kondo of Jamuraa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silas Renn, Seeker Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Reclamation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tana, the Bloodsower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrasios, Triton Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treacherous Terrain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tymna the Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vial Smasher the Fierce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yidris, Maelstrom Wielder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armory Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boompile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conqueror's Flail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystalline Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prismatic Geoscope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brave the Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cathars' Crusade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Citadel Siege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elite Scaleguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hoofprints of the Stag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hushwing Gryff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mentor of the Meek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Open the Vaults
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reverse the Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphere of Safety
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wave of Reckoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chain of Vapor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chasm Skulker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devastation Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethersworn Adjudicator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evacuation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Read the Runes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swan Song
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasure Cruise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Army of the Damned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bane of the Living
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festercreep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghastly Conscription
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guiltfeeder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necroplasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waste Not
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blasphemous Act
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breath of Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daretti, Scrap Savant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Godo, Bandit Warlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grab the Reins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellkite Igniter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellkite Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kazuul, Tyrant of the Cliffs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reforge the Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slobad, Goblin Tinkerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalking Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trash for Treasure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wheel of Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whims of the Fates
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whipflare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion of Lambholt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Far Wanderings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalonian Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurking Predators
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quirion Explorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rites of Flourishing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solidarity of Heroes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvok Explorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempt with Discovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thelonite Hermit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tuskguard Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Beastmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artifact Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bred for the Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clan Defiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauntless Escort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enduring Scalelord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Filigree Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glint-Eye Nephilim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gwafa Hazid, Profiteer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horizon Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iroas, God of Victory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jor Kadeen, the Prevailer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lavalanche
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master Biomancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nath of the Gilt-Leaf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Progenitor Mimic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx Summoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sydri, Galvanic Genius
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vorel of the Hull Clade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whispering Madness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wilderness Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everlasting Torment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirrorweave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitting Image
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thopter Foundry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Error
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroan Horse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Astral Cornucopia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinkmoth Urn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cauldron of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Empyrial Plate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ichor Wellspring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keening Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mycosynth Wellspring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Battlesphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimmer Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul of New Phyrexia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple Bell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trading Post
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venser's Journal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Buried Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caves of Koilos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkwater Catacombs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonskull Summit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karplusan Forest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowblood Ridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spinerock Knoll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sungrass Prairie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunpetal Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Underground River
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bastion Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawnbreak Reclaimer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grasp of Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of the Host
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalemne's Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteous Confluence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aethersnatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broodbirth Viper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gigantoplasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Match
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Confluence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Synthetic Destiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daxos's Torment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadly Tempest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awaken the Sky Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Pillager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Confluence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meteor Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mizzix's Mastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rite of the Raging Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warchief Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arachnogenesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ezuri's Predation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Confluence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anya, Merciless Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arjun, the Shifting Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daxos the Returned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ezuri, Claw of Progress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalemne, Disciple of Iroas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karlov of the Ghost Council
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaseto, Orochi Archmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mizzix of the Izmagnus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blade of Selves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scytheclaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seal of the Guildpact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani's Chosen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Serenity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crib Swap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawn to Dusk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawnglare Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostblade Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karmic Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marshal's Anthem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Victory's Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blustersquall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dominate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace's Archivist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lone Revenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Retrieval
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plaxmanta
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rapid Hybridization
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rite of Replication
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sleep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stolen Goods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Reflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreadbringer Lampads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fallen Ideal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fate Unraveler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gild
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Peril
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Reclamation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Act of Aggression
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borderland Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of the Nightly Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desolation Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fall of the Hammer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fumiko the Lowblood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammerfist Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunted Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunrise Sovereign
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vandalblast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Word of Seizing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arbor Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caller of the Claw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loaming Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Quarry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patagia Viper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Counterflux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Epic Experiment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necromancer's Covenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prime Speaker Zegana
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teysa, Envoy of Ghosts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Underworld Coinsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Biomantic Mastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snakeform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wistful Selkie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Cluestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burnished Hart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coldsteel Heart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystal Chimes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orochi Hatchery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhov Cluestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Keyrune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Incubator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Amphitheater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blasted Landscape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drifting Meadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Novijen, Heart of Progress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smoldering Crater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of the Dire Hour
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Field Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benevolent Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Comeuppance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deploy to the Front
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hallowed Spiritkeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nahiri, the Lithomancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breaching Leviathan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Domineering Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dulcet Sirens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intellectual Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stitcher Geralf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormsurge Kraken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi, Temporal Archmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Well of Ideas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demon of Wailing Agonies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flesh Carver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghoulcaller Gisa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ob Nixilis of the Black Oath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overseer of the Damned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raving Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spoils of Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wake the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bitter Feud
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impact Resonance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incite Rebellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrap Mastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warmonger Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown of Doom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Masterwork of Ingenuity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcane Lighthouse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamekin Village
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armistice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geist-Honored Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grand Abolisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Haunting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mobilization
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nomads' Assembly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Requiem Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Mesa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/True Conviction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call to Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Distorting Wake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fool's Demise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hoverguard Sweepers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infinite Reflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ixidron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lorthos, the Tidemaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pongify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Survivor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rush of Knowledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaper Parasite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx of Jwar Isle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turn to Frog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Snap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodgift Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt Ghast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of Bolas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dregs of Sorrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evernight Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gray Merchant of Asphodel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana's Reaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Coffers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pontiff of Blight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reaper from the Abyss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirsdag High Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sudden Spoiling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xathrid Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hoard-Smelter Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tuktuk the Explorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caged Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charcoal Diamond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Diamond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jalum Tome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jet Medallion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Junk Diver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lashwrithe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liquimetal Coating
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Sire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Panic Spellbomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pearl Medallion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruby Medallion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sapphire Medallion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sky Diamond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spine of Ish Sah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strata Scythe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ur-Golem's Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coral Atoll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt of Agadeem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dormant Volcano
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emeria, the Sky Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everglades
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karoo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexia's Core
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remote Isle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Act of Authority
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cradle of Vitality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razor Hippogriff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serene Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Reverence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcane Melee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echo Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionist's Gambit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order of Succession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raven Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sharding Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormscape Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempt with Reflections
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/True-Name Nemesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uyo, Silent Prophet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Shallow Graves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of Griselbrand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fell Shepherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hooded Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marrow Bats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ophiomancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Delver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Price of Knowledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quagmire Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stronghold Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempt with Immortality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vile Requiem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viscera Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Rites
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Capricious Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Chaos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fissure Vent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/From the Ashes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furnace Celebration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Sharpshooter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incendiary Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Arena
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rough
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tumble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sudden Demise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempt with Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terra Ravager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Cadence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Where Ancients Tread
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Widespread Panic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witch Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brooding Saurian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drumhunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fecundity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunted Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naya Soulbeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/One Dozen Eyes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Vigor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slice in Twain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawning Grounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sprouting Vines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charnelhoard Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathbringer Thoctar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepfire Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromar's Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gahiji, Honored One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeleva, Nephalia's Scourge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jund Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marath, Will of the Wild
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mayael the Anima
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakeclaw Gargantuan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarland Thrinax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shattergang Brothers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellbreaker Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spinal Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraximundar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidehollow Strix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Augury Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiteful Visions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnage Altar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crawlspace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Druidic Satchel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye of Doom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jar of Eyeballs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obelisk of Esper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obelisk of Jund
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Boiler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun Droplet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower of Fortunes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viseling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contested Cliffs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Esper Panorama
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jund Panorama
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kher Keep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naya Panorama
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Springjack Pasture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aspect of Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blue Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burrowing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Camouflage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Castle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Prism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaos Orb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaoslace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Protection: Black
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Protection: Blue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Protection: Green
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Protection: White
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cockatrice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consecrate Land
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conservator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contract from Below
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Craw Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creature Bond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystal Rod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cursed Land
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkpact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathlace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Attorney
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dingus Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disintegrate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disrupting Scepter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Demolition Team
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Warriors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthbind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/False Orders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farmstead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feedback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firebreathing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frozen Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fungusaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin King
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gray Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Green Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helm of Chatzuk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Holy Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Holy Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invisibility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iron Star
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironroot Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivory Cup
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jade Statue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jayemdae Tome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jump
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ley Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifelace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifetap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Artifact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magical Hack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Short
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manabarbs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mons's Goblin Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural Selection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nettling Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightmare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Northern Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Artillery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pearled Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pestilence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pirate Ship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power Leak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purelace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging River
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Red Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regeneration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reverse Damage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rod of Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacrifice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samite Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scathe Zombies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shanodin Dryads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shatter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simulacrum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siren's Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sleight of Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Net
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steal Artifact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stream of Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunglasses of Urza
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Hive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtlace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Throne of Bone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timber Wolves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tranquility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tunnel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twiddle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uthden Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verduran Enchantress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Eruption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Air
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Brambles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Ice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Water
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Wood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Web
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/White Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wooden Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aegis Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Because I Have Willed It
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerial Responder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Behold My Grandeur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anointer of Champions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bow to My Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Choose Your Demise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Excoriate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delight in the Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Expedition Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Every Dream a Nightmare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/For Each of You, a Gift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiendslayer Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Know Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Make Yourself Useful
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon Jura
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Mighty Will Fall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/My Forces Are Innumerable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/My Laughter Echoes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grasp of the Hieromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/No One Will Hear Your Cries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightwielder Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pay Tribute to Me
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power Without Equal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/A Reckoning Approaches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Odric, Master Tactician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/There Is No Refuge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/This World Belongs to Me
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relief Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/What's Yours Is Now Mine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shoulder to Shoulder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/When Will You Learn?
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ior Ruin Expedition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prognostic Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windrider Eel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obsidian Fireheart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Press the Advantage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vastwood Zendikon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreadbore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talisman of Dominance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talisman of Indulgence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drowned Catacomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smoldering Spires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/All in Good Time
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Abunas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/All Shall Smolder in My Wake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metallurgeon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Approach My Molten Realm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Behold the Power of Destruction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Choose Your Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dance, Pathetic Marionette
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/March of the Machines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Dead Shall Serve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master Transmuter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/A Display of My Dark Power
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spin into Myth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embrace My Diabolical Vision
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Every Hope Shall Vanish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Every Last Vestige Shall Rot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evil Comes to Fruition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cemetery Reaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Fate of the Flammable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feed the Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/I Bask in Your Silent Awe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/I Call on the Ancient Magics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/I Delight in Your Convulsions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/I Know All, I See All
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ignite the Cloneforge!
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Into the Earthen Maw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Makeshift Mannequin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Introductions Are in Order
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Iron Guardian Stirs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Know Naught but Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scion of Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Look Skyward and Despair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/May Civilization Collapse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortal Flesh Is Weak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/My Crushing Masterstroke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/My Genius Knows No Bounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/My Undead Horde Awakens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/My Wish Is Your Command
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battering Craghorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature Demands an Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature Shields Its Own
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nothing Can Stop Me Now
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Breath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Only Blood Ends Your Nightmares
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Pieces Are Coming Together
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Realms Befitting My Majesty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roots of All Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotted Ones, Lay Siege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flameblast Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surrender Your Thoughts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tooth, Claw, and Tail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gathan Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Very Soil Shall Shake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Which of You Burns Brightest?
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imperial Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Your Fate Is Thrice Sealed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Your Puny Minds Cannot Fathom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Your Will Is Not Your Own
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gleeful Sabotage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunting Moa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kamahl, Fist of Krosa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leaf Gilder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shinen of Life's Roar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spider Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wickerbough Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Architects of Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Batwing Brume
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethersworn Shieldmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fieldmist Borderpost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaervek the Merciless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magister Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistvein Borderpost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pale Recluse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unbender Tine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampiric Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skullcage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorcerer's Strongbox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Synod Sanctum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Monastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armament Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bold Defense
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caravan Hurda
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Mantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cliff Threader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conqueror's Pledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devout Lightcaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kabira Evangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kazandu Blademaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Outfitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Landbind Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Makindi Shieldmate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nimbus Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Vestige
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ondu Cleric
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quest for the Holy Relic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shepherd of the Lost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shieldmate's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steppe Lynx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunspring Expedition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/World Queller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archive Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archmage Ascension
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cosi's Trickster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedron Crab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lethargy Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Tsunami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lullmage Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Seastalkers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindbreak Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paralyzing Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quest for Ancient Secrets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roil Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Gate Loremaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seascape Aerialist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shoal Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sky Ruin Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx of Lost Truths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spreading Seas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempest Owl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trapfinder's Trick
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trapmaker's Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Umara Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Welkin Tern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bala Ged Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodchief Ascension
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Tatters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt Ripper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desecrated Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guul Draz Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hagra Crocodile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hagra Diabolist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halo Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalitas, Bloodchief of Ghet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Sludge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindless Null
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mire Blight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Needlebite Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nimana Sell-Sword
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sadistic Sacrament
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorin Markov
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Stair Expedition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surrakar Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bladetusk Boar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra Ablaze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demolish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Electropotence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elemental Appeal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Bushwhacker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Ruinblaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Shortcutter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Highland Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kazuul Warlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lavaball Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magma Rift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Ravager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murasa Pyromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quest for Pure Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruinous Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runeflare Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seismic Shudder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shatterskull Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slaughter Cry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tuktuk Grunts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unstable Footing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zektar Shrine Expedition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gigantiform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greenweaver Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oracle of Mul Daya
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oran-Rief Survivalist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Bellow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quest for the Gemblades
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Silhouette
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scythe Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tanglesap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terra Stomper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timbermaw Larva
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turntimber Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vastwood Gorger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zendikar Farguide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adventuring Gear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazing Torch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eternity Vessel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedron Scrabbler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Khalni Gem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spidersilk Net
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trailblazer's Boots
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trusty Machete
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magosi, the Waterveil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Piranha Marsh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adanto Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashes of the Abhorrent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Axis of Mortality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bellowing Aegisaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bishop of Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bishop's Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bright Reprisal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demystify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskborne Skymarcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emissary of Sunrise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Encampment Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glorifier of Dusk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goring Ceratops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imperial Aerosaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imperial Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inspiring Cleric
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ixalan's Binding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kinjalli's Caller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kinjalli's Sunwing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Legion Conquistador
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Legion's Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Legion's Landing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adanto, the First Fort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Looming Altisaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mavren Fein, Dusk Apostle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paladin of the Bloodstained
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pious Interdiction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Priest of the Wakening Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pterodon Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Queen's Commission
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rallying Roar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raptor Companion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ritual of Rejuvenation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanguine Sacrament
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Settle the Wreckage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sheltering Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shining Aerosaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyblade of the Legion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slash of Talons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steadfast Armasaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunrise Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Territorial Hammerskull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tocatli Honor Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire's Zeal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wakening Sun's Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcane Adaptation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chart a Course
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daring Saboteur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadeye Quartermaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deeproot Waters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Depths of Desire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dive Down
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreamcaller Siren
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entrancing Melody
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleet Swallower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Headwater Sentries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of Secret Streams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace, Cunning Castaway
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kopala, Warden of Waves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lookout's Dispersal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Navigator's Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/One With the Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overflowing Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perilous Voyage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pirate's Prize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prosperous Pirates
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Sneak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River's Rebuke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Run Aground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sailor of Means
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Search for Azcanta
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azcanta, the Sunken Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaper Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shipwreck Looter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shore Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siren Lookout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siren Stormtamer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siren's Ruse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Swindle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Fleet Aerialist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Fleet Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Sculptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempest Caller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watertrap Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wind Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anointed Deacon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bishop of the Bloodstained
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blight Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodcrazed Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boneyard Parley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contract Killing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Costly Plunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Nourishment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadeye Tormentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadeye Tracker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathless Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desperate Castaways
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dire Fleet Hoarder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dire Fleet Interloper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dire Fleet Ravager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fathom Fleet Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fathom Fleet Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Captain's Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartless Pillage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitesail Freebooter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurking Chupacabra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/March of the Drowned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Queen's Agent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Queen's Bay Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raiders' Wake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revel in Riches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruin Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruthless Knave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctum Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seekers' Squire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skittering Heartstopper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skulduggery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skymarch Bloodletter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spreading Rot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword-Point Diplomacy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vanquish the Weak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vicious Conquistador
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vraska's Contempt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walk the Plank
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wanted Scoundrels
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angrath's Marauders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonded Horncrest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brazen Buccaneers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Sun's Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captain Lannery Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captivating Crew
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charging Monstrosaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dinosaur Stampede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dual Shot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fathom Fleet Firebrand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Cannonade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Shrine Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firecannon Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frenzied Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Headstrong Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hijack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning-Rig Crew
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Makeshift Munitions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nest Robber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Otepec Huntmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rampaging Ferocidon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raptor Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repeating Barrage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rigging Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rowdy Crew
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rummaging Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Star of Extinction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Fleet Arsonist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Fleet Pyromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun-Crowned Hunters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunbird's Invocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sure Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swashbuckling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrash of Raptors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tilonalli's Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tilonalli's Skinshifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trove of Temptation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unfriendly Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vance's Blasting Cannons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitfire Bastion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wily Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Brontodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atzocan Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinding Fog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blossom Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnage Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commune with Dinosaurs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crash the Ramparts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crushing Canopy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathgorge Scavenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deeproot Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deeproot Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drover of the Mighty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emergent Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emperor's Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grazing Whiptail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Growing Rites of Itlimoc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Itlimoc, Cradle of the Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ixalli's Diviner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ixalli's Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jade Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Delver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kumena's Speaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Branchwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/New Horizons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Old-Growth Dryads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pounce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ranging Raptors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Daggertooth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ripjaw Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Heralds' Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Stomp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shapers' Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snapping Sailback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike-Tailed Ceratops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thundering Spineback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tishana's Wayfinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Sun's Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vineshaper Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waker of the Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildgrowth Walker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Admiral Beckett Brass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Belligerent Brontodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call to the Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadeye Plunderers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dire Fleet Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gishath, Sun's Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hostage Taker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Huatli, Warrior Poet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marauding Looter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Swordtooth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regisaur Alpha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shapers of Nature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sky Terror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tishana, Voice of Thunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vona, Butcher of Magan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vraska, Relic Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conqueror's Galleon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conqueror's Foothold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dowsing Dagger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost Vale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dusk Legion Dreadnought
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elaborate Firecannon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fell Flagship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilded Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hierophant's Chalice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pillar of Origins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pirate's Cutlass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Amulet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Wellspring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prying Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sentinel Totem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowed Caravel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sleek Schooner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorcerous Spyglass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thaumatic Compass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spires of Orazca
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasure Map
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasure Cove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vanquisher's Banner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Field of Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glacial Fortress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unclaimed Territory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unknown Shores
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace, Ingenious Mind-Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Castaway's Despair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grasping Current
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace's Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodland Stream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Huatli, Dinosaur Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Huatli's Snubhorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Huatli's Spurring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun-Blessed Mount
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Admonition Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archon of Redemption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Hurda
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fledgling Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Join the Ranks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitesail Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Threader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perimeter Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Refraction Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rest for the Weary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruin Ghost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talus Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terra Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Calcite Snapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dispel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goliath Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halimar Excavator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horizon Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jwari Shapeshifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mysteries of the Deep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Permafrost Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quest for Ula's Temple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sejiri Merfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selective Memory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Contortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thada Adel, Acquisitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tideforce Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twitch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vapor Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voyager Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wind Zendikon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agadeem Occultist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bojuka Brigand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brink of Disaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caustic Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupted Zendikon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dead Reckoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jagwasp Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quest for the Nihil Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruthless Cullblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrib Nibblers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shoreline Salvager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tomb Hex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akoum Battlesinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bazaar Trader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bull Rush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crusher Zendikon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cunning Sparkmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Roughrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grotag Thrasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quest for the Goblin Lord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ricochet Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roiling Terrain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rumbling Aftershocks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Idol Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tuktuk Scrapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canopy Cover
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Contest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grappler Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harabaz Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quest for Renewal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slingbow Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snapping Creeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strength of the Tajuru
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summit Apes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vastwood Animist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Novablast Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amulet of Vigor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammer of Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedron Rover
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razor Boomerang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walking Atlas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creeping Tar Pit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lavaclaw Reaches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Ravine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bösium Strip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bubble Matrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chimeric Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dingus Staff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jabari's Banner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jangling Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Web
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Furnace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steel Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Straw Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thran Forge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thran Tome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Touchstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Well of Knowledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xanthic Statue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agonizing Memories
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrow Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bone Dancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circling Vultures
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coils of the Medusa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fatal Blow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festering Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gallowbraid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunting Misery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Tribute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mischievous Poltergeist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morinfen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necratog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Odylic Wraith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razortooth Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadow Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shattered Crypt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spinning Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strands of Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tendrils of Despair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wave of Terror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Scavengers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abduction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abjure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancestral Knowledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apathy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avizoa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disrupt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ertai's Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fog Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Chains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manta Ray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Traders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Benefactor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paradigm Shift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pendrell Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Vortex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relearn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage Owl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Veil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timid Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tolarian Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tolarian Entrancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tolarian Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vodalian Illusionist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aboroth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arctic Wolves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barishi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blossoming Wreath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Briar Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call of the Wild
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Choking Vines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dense Foliage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Downdraft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fallow Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Familiar Ground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fungus Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harvest Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liege of the Hollows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mwonvuli Ooze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Kiss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Resurgence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rogue Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Striped Bears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Hierophant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tranquil Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uktabi Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vitalize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Flash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Betrothed of Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodrock Cyclops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boiling Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desperate Gambit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Thaumaturgist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fervor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Whip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firestorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fit of Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Bomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Grenadiers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Vandal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heart of Bogardan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heat Stroke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hurloon Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Hounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maraxus of Keld
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Settlers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roc Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sawtooth Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abeyance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Renewal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argivian Find
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Missionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Debt of Loyalty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskrider Falcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foriysian Brigade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gerrard's Wisdom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heavy Ballista
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inner Sanctum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of Arms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peacekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revered Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serenity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Shepherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Southern Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tariff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volunteer Reserves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lotus Vale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scorched Ruins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winding Canyons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Verdict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormfront Pegasus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coral Merfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drag Under
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inspiration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sleep Paralysis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tricks of the Trade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Certain Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Untamed Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Falkenrath Reaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oakenform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rabid Bite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootwalla
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stampeding Rhino
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wing Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marked by Honor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disperse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walking Corpse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anvil of Bogardan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brass-Talon Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diamond Kaleidoscope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helm of Awakening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iron-Heart Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Juju Bubble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lead-Belly Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magma Mine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Matopi Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Walker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sands of Time
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sisay's Ring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snake Basket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Puzzle Box
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tin-Wing Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wand of Denial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aku Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blanket of Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brood of Cockroaches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Privilege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Watch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desolation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forbidden Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Funeral Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaervek's Spite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necromancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrosavant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pillar Tombs of Aku
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suq'Ata Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tar Pit Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Mindsucker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampirism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wicked Reward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Betrayal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breezekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chronatog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Tides
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flooded Shoreline
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foreshadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Veil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ovinomancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rainbow Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimmering Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrieking Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Realm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Three Wishes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time and Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vanishing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vision Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bull Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/City of Solitude
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elephant Grass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emerald Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Instinct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Caterpillar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Katabatic Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/King Cheetah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kyscu Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lichenthrope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortal Wound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quirion Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rowen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spider Climb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warthog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wind Shear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bogardan Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Vigilantes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elkin Lair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Recruiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Swine-Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hearth Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heat Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of Kookus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kookus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Cloud
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mob Mentality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Gorilla
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rock Slide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solfatara
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Song of Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitting Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suq'Ata Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talruum Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talruum Piper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Sandstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daraja Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Equipoise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye of Singularity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Freewind Falcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gossamer Chains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honorable Passage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hope Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jamuraan Lion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of Valor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parapet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peace Talks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relic Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remedy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resistance Fighter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retribution of the Meek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteous Aura
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun Clasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Honor Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tithe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warrior's Honor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Army Ants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breathstealer's Crypt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrosion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Femeref Enchantress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firestorm Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guiding Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mundungu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pygmy Hippo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteous War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scalebane's Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squandered Resources
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suleiman's Legacy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempest Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashivan Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Griffin Canyon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undiscovered Paradise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crovax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ertai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gerrard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greven il-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hanna
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maraxus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirri
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selenia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sisay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Starke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tahngarth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volrath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eladamri
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oracle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lyna
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sliver Queen, Brood Mother
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Takara
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rofellos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Multani
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sidar Kondo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mishra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tawnos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashnod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xantcha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titania
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Angel Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Warchief Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalking Tiger Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Birds of Paradise Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fallen Angel Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flametongue Kavu Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prodigal Sorcerer Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erhnam Djinn Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grinning Demon Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phage the Untouchable Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroma, Angel of Wrath Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karona, False God Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Two-Headed Giant of Foriys Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Champion Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Royal Assassin Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bosh, Iron Golem Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Platinum Angel Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Zealot Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Overseer Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raksha Golden Cub Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Etched Oracle Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eight-and-a-Half-Tails Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seshiro the Anointed Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Higure, the Still Wind Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ink-Eyes, Servant of Oni Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sakashima the Impostor Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oni of Wild Places Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hell's Caretaker Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maro Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frenetic Efreet Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Hierarch Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sisters of Stone Death Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rumbling Slum Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teysa, Orzhov Scion Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nekrataal Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chronatog Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lyzolda, the Blood Witch Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Momir Vig, Simic Visionary Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haakon, Stromgald Scourge Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diamond Faerie Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jaya Ballard Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stuffy Doll Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Braids, Conjurer Adept Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirri the Cursed Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartwood Storyteller Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhoira of the Ghitu Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcanis, the Omnipotent Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squee, Goblin Nabob Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dakkon Blackblade Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashling the Pilgrim Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Entity Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peacekeeper Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morinfen Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonehewer Giant Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maralen of the Mornsong Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reaper King Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murderous Redcap Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashling, the Extinguisher Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Figure of Destiny Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necropotence Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Squatters Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rith, the Awakener Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mayael the Anima Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kresh the Bloodbraided Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eladamri, Lord of Leaves Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tradewind Rider Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malfegor Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maelstrom Archangel Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sliver Queen Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hermit Druid Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauntless Escort Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enigma Sphinx Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of the Wild Hunt Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Nocturnus Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Absolute Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Absolute Law
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Chorus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Catastrophe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defensive Formation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of Law
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elite Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faith Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of Serra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intrepid Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal Acrolith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal Caryatid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pegasus Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Birth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Presence of the Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Redeem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remembrance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune of Protection: Artifacts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune of Protection: Black
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune of Protection: Blue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune of Protection: Green
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune of Protection: Lands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune of Protection: Red
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune of Protection: White
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctum Custodian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctum Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra's Hymn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra's Liturgy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimmering Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent Attendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Songstitcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Sculptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voice of Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voice of Law
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waylay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Academy Researchers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Annul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcane Laboratory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Attunement
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Back to Basics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrin, Master Wizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Catalog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloak of Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Confiscate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curfew
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disruptive Student
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Douse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drifting Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enchantment Alteration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Energy Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilded Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Great Whale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hermetic Study
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hibernation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imaginary Pet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Launch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lilting Refrain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lingering Mirage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pendrell Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pendrell Flux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power Taint
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recantation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandbar Merfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandbar Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Somnophore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spire Owl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stern Proctor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telepathy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Spiral
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tolarian Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veil of Birds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veiled Apparition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veiled Crocodile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veiled Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veiled Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wizard Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zephid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zephid's Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abyssal Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Befoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bereavement
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Vassal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cackling Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Beetles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contamination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crazed Skirge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkest Hour
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Despondency
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Discordant Dirge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eastern Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flesh Reaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hollow Dogs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Looming Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Leech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/No Rest for the Wicked
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oppression
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parasitic Bond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Persecute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rain of Filth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Skirge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reclusive Wight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reprocess
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sicken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sleeper Agent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spined Fluke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unworthy Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampiric Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vebulid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Western Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witch Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yawgmoth's Edict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acidic Soil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Antagonism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bedlam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bravado
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bulwark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Destructive Urge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disorder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromosaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Electryte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fault Line
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Mantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Ants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Spelunkers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin War Buggy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Headlong Rush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lay Waste
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meltdown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Okk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Outmaneuver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reflexes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rumbling Crescendo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scoria Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steam Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sulfuric Vapors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torch Song
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Outrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Sandswimmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Weaponsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vug Lizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acridian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argothian Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argothian Swine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argothian Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blanchwood Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blanchwood Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carpet of Flowers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cave Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Child of Gaea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Citanul Centaurs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Citanul Hierophants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cradle Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crosswinds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Herder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endless Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortitude
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Bounty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greener Pastures
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hawkeater Moth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Ancients
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Guerrillas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Herd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Predators
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Stag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midsummer Revel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rejuvenate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retaliation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sporogenesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spreading Algae
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Symbiosis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titania's Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treefolk Seedlings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treetop Rangers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venomous Fangs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vernal Bloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Dance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Dogs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winding Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrin's Codex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chimeric Staff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Citanul Flute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Claws of Gix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Copper Gnomes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endoskeleton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fluctuator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grafted Skullcap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hopping Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifeline
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lotus Blossom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metrognome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mishra's Helix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mobile Fort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noetic Scales
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pit Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purging Scythe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Aperture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thran Turbine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Umbilicus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Junk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whetstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirecat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Tower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra's Sanctum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Curator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burst of Energy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cessation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defender of Law
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devout Harpist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erase
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Expendable Troops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hope and Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iron Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knighthood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyr's Cause
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peace and Quiet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Collapse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radiant's Dragoons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tragic Poet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anthroplasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archivist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Flux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bouncing Beebles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delusions of Mediocrity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleeting Image
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intervene
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/King Crab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Levitation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Miscalculation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rebuild
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Second Chance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slow Motion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigilant Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walking Sponge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weatherseed Faeries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brink of Madness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eviscerator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fog of Gnats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Cockroach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurking Skirge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ostracize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rank and File
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sick and Tired
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sleeper's Guile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Subversion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tethered Skirge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treacherous Link
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/About Face
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defender of Chaos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghitu Fire-Eater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghitu War Cry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Medics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Granite Grip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impending Disaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last-Ditch Effort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyromancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rack and Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rivalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sluggishness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Bey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Heretic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Sandscout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloated Toad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkwatch Elves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defense of the Heart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gang of Elk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harmonic Convergence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Gibbons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Might of Oaks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Multani, Maro-Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Multani's Acolyte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Multani's Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repopulate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silk Net
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treefolk Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weatherseed Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weatherseed Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Granger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Scion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel's Trumpet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Damping Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Monolith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iron Maiden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhoira's Toolbox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrapheap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thran Lens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thran War Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thran Weaponry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Blueprints
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wheel of Torture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forbidding Watchtower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawning Pool
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Academy Rector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archery Training
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Capashen Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Capashen Standard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Capashen Templar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fend Off
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Field Surgeon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flicker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jasmine Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mask of Law and Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opalescence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reliquary Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Replenish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctimony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scent of Jasmine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scour
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solidarity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tethered Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tormented Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voice of Duty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voice of Reason
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Glare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blizzard Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brine Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bubbling Beebles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disappear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Donate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fatigue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fledgling Osprey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illuminated Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iridescent Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kingfisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mental Discipline
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metathran Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metathran Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Private Research
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rayne, Academy Chancellor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rescue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scent of Brine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telepathic Spies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thieving Magpie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treachery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Body Snatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bubbling Muck
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnival of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chime of Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disease Carriers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dying Wail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Encroach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eradicate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festering Wound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurking Jackals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightshade Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Monitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Dogs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rapid Decay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scent of Nightshade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skittering Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slinking Skirge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squirming Mass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twisted Experiment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Sting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodshot Cyclops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colos Yearling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Covetous Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Jet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Festival
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Gardener
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Masons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hulking Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impatience
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incendiary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Vandals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Landslide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mark of Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repercussion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sowing Salt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wake of Destruction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Colos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Silverback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Compost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Lookout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goliath Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heart Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivy Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magnify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marker Beetles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Momentum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Multani's Decree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pattern of Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plated Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plow Under
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rofellos's Gift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scent of Ivy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Splinter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taunting Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thorn Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Braidwood Cup
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Braidwood Sextant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brass Secretary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caltrops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extruder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fodder Cannon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mantis Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metalworker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrying Glass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storage Matrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thran Foundry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Castle Raptors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cavalry Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Children of Korlis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chronosavant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudchaser Kestrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/D'Avenant Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Detainment Spell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Congregation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskrider Peregrine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Errant Doomsayers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evangelize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flickering Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foriysian Interceptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaze of Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gustcloak Cavalier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Crier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Holy Nimbus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Disk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mangara of Corondor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Outrider en-Kor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pentarch Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plated Pegasus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pull from Eternity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulmonic Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quilled Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restore Balance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sidewinder Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Loop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Isolation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tivadar of Thorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watcher Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weathered Bodyguards
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zealot il-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockspinning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Draining Whelk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drifter il-Dal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eternity Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Looter il-Kor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Jar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonlace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ophidian Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paradox Haze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psionic Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage of Epityr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screeching Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadow Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slipstream Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snapback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiketail Drakeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormcloud Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telekinetic Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Eddy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Think Twice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tolarian Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trickbind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Truth or Tale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viscerid Deepwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walk the Aeons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wipe Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Basal Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call to the Netherworld
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpulent Corpse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of the Cabal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclopean Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Withering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathspore Thallid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Collusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drudge Reavers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evil Eye of Urborg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faceless Devourer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feebleness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorgon Recluse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liege of the Pit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lim-Dûl the Necromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Skimmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindlash Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindstab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nether Traitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightshade Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Premature Burial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychotic Episode
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sangrophage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sengir Nosferatu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skittering Monstrosity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skulking Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stronghold Overseer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sudden Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traitor's Clutch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trespasser il-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampiric Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viscid Lemures
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherflame Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Basalt Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazing Blade Askari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonesplitter Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conflagrate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firemaw Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamecore Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Channeler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghitu Firebreathing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Skycutter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ground Rift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ignite Memories
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironclaw Buzzardiers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Axe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Scroll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Norin the Wary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reiterate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sedge Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Subterranean Shambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tectonic Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thick-Skinned Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Two-Headed Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Bladescout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Awakening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Web
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashcoat Bear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aspect of Mongoose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chameleon Blur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Durkwood Tracker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glass Asp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greenseeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Havenwood Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herd Gnarr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hypergenesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Candelabra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mwonvuli Acid-Moss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pendelhaven Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Forcemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Thallid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarwood Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scryb Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Tiller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spinneret Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sprout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squall Line
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonewood Invocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thelon of Havenwood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrill of the Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unyaro Bees
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wormwood Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wurmcalling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dementia Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dralnu, Lich Lord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firewake Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostflame Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harmonic Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ith, High Arcanist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mishra, Artificer Prodigy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opaline Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saffi Eriksdotter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonebrow, Krosan Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brass Gnat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Candles of Leng
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chromatic Star
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chronatog Totem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foriysian Totem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hivestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhoira's Timebug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Locket of Yesterdays
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paradise Plume
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sarpadian Empires, Vol. VII
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stuffy Doll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunder Totem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venser's Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weatherseed Totem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Calciform Pools
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flagstones of Trokair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gemstone Caverns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swarmyard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auratog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiant Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enduring Renewal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moorish Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witch Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dandân
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flying Men
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Oyster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leviathan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Ultimus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sindbad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormscape Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unstable Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whispers of the Muse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conspiracy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadow Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swamp Mosquito
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uncle Istvan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undertaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eron the Relentless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Snowman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Librarian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orgg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pandemonium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avoid Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Craw Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hail Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jolrael, Empress of Beasts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Cloudscraper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitting Slug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coalition Victory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jasmine Boreal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merieke Ri Berit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sol'kanar the Swamp King
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormbind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Moat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vhati il-Dal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dodecapod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feldon's Cane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grinning Totem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Rack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Barge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Safe Haven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anoint
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avenging Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bandage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conviction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exalted Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gallantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Humility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mounted Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nomads en-Kor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orim, Samite Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paladin en-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pegasus Stampede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repentance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shackles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaman en-Kor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soltari Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soltari Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soltari Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit en-Kor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Essence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warrior en-Kor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Halls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fighting Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammerhead Shark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Legacy's Allure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Legerdemain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mawcor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meditate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mnemonic Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Monster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadow Rift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silver Wyvern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalakos Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalakos Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volrath's Curse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wayward Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cannibalize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coffin Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commander Greven il-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpse Dance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cursed Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Jackal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Warlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Pits of Rath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Stroke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death's Duet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dungeon Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fugue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lab Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrologia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rats of Rath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screeching Harpy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrull Surgeon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Hounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anarchist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadshot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fanning the Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Mauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Wyvern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furnace Brood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lowland Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mage il-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magmasaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maniacal Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Conscripts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Infestation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Maniac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rathi Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Warlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sabertooth Wyvern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandstone Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searing Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seething Anger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellshock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitting Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Starke of Rath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aluren
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canopy Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnassid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crashing Boars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elven Rite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endangered Armodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartwood Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartwood Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horned Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krakilin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lowland Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manabond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirri, Cat Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality Anchor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recycle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootbreaker Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Breeder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Colony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Hatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trained Armodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdigris
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dracoplasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selenia, Dark Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sliver Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soltari Guerrillas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coiled Tinviper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erratic Portal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jinxed Idol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patchwork Gnomes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telethopter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volrath's Laboratory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Marsh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/City of Traitors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maze of Shadows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Hollows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootwater Depths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalakos Lowlands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vec Townships
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volrath's Stronghold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Retribution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Trooper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cleansing Meditation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Equal Treatment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Floating Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frantic Purification
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hypochondria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Major Teroh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Militant Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morningtide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Possessed Nomad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reborn Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Flare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stern Judge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strength of Isolation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teroh's Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Transcendence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vengeful Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alter Reality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambassador Laquatus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balshan Collaborator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Aristocrat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Illusionist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Snitch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Vandal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Churning Eddy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Compulsion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coral Net
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/False Memories
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostly Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hydromorph Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hydromorph Gull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liquify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llawan, Cephalid Empress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plagiarize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Possessed Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retraced Image
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turbulent Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boneshard Slasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Surgeon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Torturer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chainer, Dementia Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crippling Fatigue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawn of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gloomdrifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravegouger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grotesque Hybrid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hypnox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insidious Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last Laugh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortal Combat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortiphobia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Organ Grinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychotic Haze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rancid Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restless Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shade's Form
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shambling Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slithery Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Scourge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strength of Lunacy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unhinge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waste Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Trailblazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accelerate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balthor the Stout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbarian Outcast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crackling Club
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crazed Firecat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devastating Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enslaved Dwarf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flaming Gambit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flash of Defiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hell-Bent Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kamahl's Sledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Longhorn Firebeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pardic Arsonist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pardic Collaborator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pardic Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Petradon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Petravark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pitchstone Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Possessed Barbarian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyromania
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skullscorch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sonic Seizure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Violent Eruption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acorn Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anurid Scavenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Veteran
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwell on the Past
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gurzigost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invigorating Falls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Constrictor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Restorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Blightcutter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Calmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Cultivator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Narcissism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parallel Evolution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Possessed Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seton's Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Peak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Booby Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cold Storage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echo Chamber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Energizer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Bottle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Excavator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fool's Tome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helm of Possession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magnetic Web
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Cannon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Grimoire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Splicer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scalding Tongs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squee's Toy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thumbscrews
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torture Chamber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watchdog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abandon Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bellowing Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bounty Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrionette
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkling Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Mindripper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disturbed Burial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread of Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endless Scream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enfeeblement
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extinction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fevered Convulsions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imps' Taunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of Dusk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leeching Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maddening Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Lurker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindwhip Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minion of the Wastes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pit Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sadistic Glee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Servant of Volrath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benthic Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Cache
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duplicity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ertai's Meddling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Escaped Shapeshifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fylamarid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Crab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Interdict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Severance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manta Riders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Precognition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootwater Diver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootwater Matriarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootwater Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimmering Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Condor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steal Enchantment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stinging Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalakos Dreamsower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalakos Mistfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalakos Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unstable Shapeshifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whim of Volrath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apes of Rath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bayou Dragonfly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broken Fall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crazed Armodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthcraft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eladamri's Vineyard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elven Warhounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flailing Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frog Tongue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fugitive Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartwood Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirri's Guile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mongrel Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Revolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nurturing Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pincher Beetles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Root Maze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seeker of Skybreak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Front
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trumpeting Armodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Runes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apocalypse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Frenzy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canyon Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaotic Goo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown of Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enraging Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firefly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Salamander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hand to Hand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Havoc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Squad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/No Quarter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opportunist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pallimud
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scorched Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shocker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tahngarth's Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Advance Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Protection: Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clergy en-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudchaser Eagle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elite Javelineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flickering Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hanna's Custody
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hero's Resolve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invulnerability
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Light of Day
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marble Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oracle en-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orim's Prayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pegasus Refuge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quickening Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Safeguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serene Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soltari Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soltari Foot Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talon Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warmth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worthy Cause
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ranger en-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Segmented Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost Town
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Pet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlewise Valor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chained to the Rocks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chosen by Heliod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decorated Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ephara's Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evangel of Heliod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fabled Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Favored Hoplite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift of Immortality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glare of Heresy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heliod, God of the Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heliod's Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hopeful Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lagonna-Band Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last Breath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Observant Alseid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ray of Dissolution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scholar of Athreos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Setessan Battle Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Setessan Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent Artisan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldier of the Pantheon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spear of Heliod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traveling Philosopher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vanquish the Foul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wingsteed Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yoked Ox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aqueous Form
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artisan of Forms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benthic Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breaching Hippocamp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coastline Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crackling Triton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of the Swine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fate Foretold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gainsay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horizon Scholar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost in a Labyrinth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meletis Charlatan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nimbus Naiad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ordeal of Thassa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prescient Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea God's Revenge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stymied Hopes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thassa, God of the Sea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thassa's Bounty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thassa's Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triton Fortune Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triton Shorethief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voyage's End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wavecrash Triton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agent of the Fates
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Asphodel Wanderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baleful Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boon of Erebos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cavern Lampad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cutthroat Maneuver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Betrayal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of Phenax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erebos, God of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erebos's Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Felhide Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleshmad Steed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hero's Downfall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hythonia the Cruel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insatiable Harpy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lash of the Whip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loathsome Catoblepas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/March of the Returned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogis's Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ordeal of Erebos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pharika's Cure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rescue from the Underworld
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Returned Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourgemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sip of Hemlock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viper's Kiss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whip of Erebos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroan Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arena Athlete
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borderland Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boulderfall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathbellow Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Mantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fanatic of Mogis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firedrinker Satyr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamespeaker Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammer of Purphoros
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Labyrinth Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Messenger's Speed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minotaur Skullcleaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peak Eruption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Portent of Betrayal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Priest of Iroas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purphoros, God of the Forge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purphoros's Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rage of Purphoros
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rageblood Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Satyr Rambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spark Jolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spearpoint Oread
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormbreath Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titan of Eternal Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titan's Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Two-Headed Cerberus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Celebrants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agent of Horizons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artisan's Sorrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boon Satyr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bow of Nylea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Battlemaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defend the Hearth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Invocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunt the Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leafcrown Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistcutter Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nemesis of Mortals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nessian Courser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nylea, God of the Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nylea's Disciple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nylea's Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nylea's Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ordeal of Nylea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pheres-Band Centaurs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reverent Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Satyr Piper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sedge Scorpion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shredding Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staunch-Hearted Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulpine Goliath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warriors' Lesson
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashen Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlewise Hoplite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daxos of Meletis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kragma Warcaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Medomai the Ageless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polis Crusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prophet of Kruphix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Intrusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sentry of the Underworld
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triad of Fates
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tymaret, the Murder King
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Underworld Cerberus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xenagos, the Reveler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anvilwrought Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colossus of Akros
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamecast Wheel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleetfeather Sandals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardians of Meletis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prowler's Helm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyxis of Pandemonium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traveler's Amulet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witches' Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nykthos, Shrine to Nyx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Abandon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Deceit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Mystery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Triumph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Bombers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mob Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amok
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awakening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bottomless Pit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brush with Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bullwhip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Calming Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Change of Heart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Constant Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contemplation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contempt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupting Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Convulsing Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crossbow Ambush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Trapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scapegoat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duct Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Shambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furnace Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gliding Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heat of Battle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hesitation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Retreat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honor Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intruder Alarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invasion Plans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jinxed Ring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lancers en-Kor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mask of the Mimic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Megrim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Games
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Peel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindwarper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morgue Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tortured Existence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overgrowth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Portcullis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pursuit of Knowledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rabid Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ransack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rebound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rolling Stones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Ground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samite Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shifting Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Falcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeleton Scavengers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Troopers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Worker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spindrift Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stronghold Taskmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of the Chosen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempting Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalakos Deceiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volrath's Gardens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walking Dream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Razors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Tears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warrior Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abuna Acolyte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Edgewright
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Sunchaser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dispense Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elspeth Tirel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fulgent Distraction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghalma's Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glint Hawk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Wayfarer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salvage Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seize the Initiative
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigil for the Lost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whitesun's Passage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkslick Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dissipation Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grand Architect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halt Order
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lumengrid Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksilver Gargantuan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riddlesmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrapdiver Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screeching Silcaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shape Anew
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sky-Eel School
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turn Aside
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vault Skyward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Certarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volition Reins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blackcleave Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bleak Coven Vampires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnifex Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contagious Nim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupted Harvester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dross Hopper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exsanguinate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flesh Allergy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fume Spitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geth, Lord of the Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grasp of Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hand of the Praetors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ichor Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moriok Reaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrogen Scudder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrotic Ooze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Painful Quandary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Painsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Miasma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relic Putrescence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skithiryx, the Blight Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assault Strobe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrage Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blade-Tribe Berserkers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cerebral Eruption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embersmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ferrovore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flameborn Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galvanic Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Gaveleer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kuldotha Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kuldotha Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Melt Terrain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Psyche
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Geargrabber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oxidda Daredevil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oxidda Scrapmelter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scoria Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tunnel Ignus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turn to Slag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulshok Heartstoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acid Web Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alpha Tyrranax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Asceticism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bellowing Tanglewurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blight Mamba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blunt the Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carapace Forger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cystbearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Engulfing Slagwurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ezuri's Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ezuri's Brigade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liege of the Tangle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifesmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molder Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Putrefax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangle Angler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tel-Jilad Defiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tel-Jilad Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Untamed Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Revel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wing Puncture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Withstand Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accorder's Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Replica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbed Battlegear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bladed Pinions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chrome Steed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clone Shell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contagion Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpse Cur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Juggernaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echo Circlet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flight Spellbomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golden Urn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golem Artisan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golem Foundry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grafted Exoskeleton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grindclock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horizon Spellbomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ichorclaw Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infiltration Lens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kuldotha Forgemaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Livewire Lash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lux Cannon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mimic Vat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindslaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten-Tail Masticore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moriok Replica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Galvanizer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Propagator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Reservoir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrogen Censer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necropede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neurok Replica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nim Deathmantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Origin Spellbomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Platinum Emperion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prototype Portal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razorfield Thresher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rust Tick
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saberclaw Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Semblance Anvil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snapsail Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soliton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strider Harness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvok Lifestaff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvok Replica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Throne of Geth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower of Calamities
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trigon of Corruption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trigon of Infestation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trigon of Mending
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trigon of Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trigon of Thought
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vector Asp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulshok Replica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Tanglecord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blackcleave Cliffs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Copperline Gorge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkslick Shores
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimmerpost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razorverge Thicket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seachrome Coast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Shockwave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Araba Mothrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Kirin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charge Across the Araba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cowed by Wisdom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curtain of Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Descendant of Kiyomaro
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eiganjo Free-Riders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enduring Ideal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost-Lit Redeemer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hand of Honor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inner-Chamber Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitsune Bonesetter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitsune Dawnblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitsune Loreweaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Michiko Konda, Truth Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonwing Moth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nikko-Onna
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plow Through Reito
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Presence of the Wise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pure Intentions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reverence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune-Tail, Kitsune Ascendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune-Tail's Essence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shinen of Stars' Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiritual Visit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torii Watchward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudhoof Kirin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cut the Earthly Bond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Descendant of Soramaro
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreamcatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erayo, Soratami Ascendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erayo's Essence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eternal Dominion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evermind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost-Lit Warder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ideas Unbound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaho, Minamo Historian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiri-Onna
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meishin, the Mind Cage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonbow Illusionist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oboro Breezecaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oboro Envoy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oppressive Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rushing-Tide Zubera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sakashima the Impostor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secretkeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shape Stealer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shifting Borders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shinen of Flight's Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soramaro, First to Dream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trusted Advisor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twincast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akuta, Born of Ash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Choice of Damnations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death of a Thousand Stings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathknell Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathmask Nezumi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exile into Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Footsteps of the Goryo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnat Miser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hand of Cruelty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Kirin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kagemaro, First to Suffer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kagemaro's Clutch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of Empty Graves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kemuri-Onna
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiku's Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kuon, Ogre Ascendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kuon's Essence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kuro's Taken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Locust Miser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maga, Traitor to Mortals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Measure of Wickedness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neverending Torment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/One with Nothing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pain's Reward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raving Oni-Slave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shinen of Fear's Chill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sink into Takenuma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skull Collector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adamaro, First to Desire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akki Drillmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akki Underling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrel Down Sokenzan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning-Eye Zubera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaze of Adamaro
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glitterfang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Godo's Irregulars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidetsugu's Second Rite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homura, Human Ascendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homura's Essence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iizuka the Ruthless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inner Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Into the Fray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jiwari, the Earth Aflame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Path of Anger's Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rally the Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ronin Cavekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shinen of Fury's Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyfire Kirin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sokenzan Renegade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sokenzan Spellblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiraling Embers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunder from Within
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughts of Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undying Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yuki-Onna
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arashi, the Sky Asunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ayumi, the Last Visitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bounteous Kirin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Briarknit Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dense Canopy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Descendant of Masumaro
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dosan's Oldest Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elder Pine of Jukai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endless Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiddlehead Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost-Lit Nourisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haru-Onna
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inner Calm, Outer Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of the Tended Garden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kashi-Tribe Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Masumaro, First to Live
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Matsu-Tribe Birdstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molting Skin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightsoil Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Promised Kannushi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reki, the History of Kamigawa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rending Vines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sakura-Tribe Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sasaya, Orochi Ascendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sasaya's Essence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seed the Land
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sekki, Seasons' Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stampeding Serow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iname as One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashes of the Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Clock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ebony Owl Netsuke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivory Crane Netsuke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manriki-Gusari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/O-Naginata
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scroll of Origins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soratami Cloud Chariot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wine of Blood and Iron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Miren, the Moaning Well
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oboro, Palace in the Clouds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tomb of Urami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Always Watching
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Deliverance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Purge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apothecary Geist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avacynian Missionaries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lunarch Inquisitors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bound by Moonsilver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bygone Bishop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cathar's Companion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaplain's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Declaration in Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Descend upon the Sinful
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devilthorn Fox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drogskol Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emissary of the Sleepless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethereal Guidance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Expose Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gryff's Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hanweir Militia Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Westvale Cult Leader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hope Against Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Humble the Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inquisitor's Ox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inspiring Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Militant Inquisitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moorland Drifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nahiri's Machinations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nearheath Chaplain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Not Forgotten
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Odric, Lunarch Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Open the Armory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paranoid Parish-Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pious Evangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wayward Disciple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puncturing Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reaper of Flight Moonsilver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverstrike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Shepherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stern Constable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strength of Arms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Survive the Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tenacity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalia's Lieutenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraben Inspector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Town Gossipmonger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incited Rabble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unruly Mob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vessel of Ephemera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aberrant Researcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perfected Form
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broken Concentration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Confirm Suspicions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daring Sleuth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bearer of Overwhelming Truths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deny Existence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drownyard Explorers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drunau Corpse Trawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Epiphany at the Drownyard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erdwal Illuminator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Flux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleeting Memories
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forgotten Creation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furtive Homunculus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geralf's Masterpiece
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gone Missing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invasive Surgery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace, Unraveler of Secrets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace's Scrutiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Just the Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lamplighter of Selhoff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manic Scribe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nagging Thoughts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nephalia Moondrakes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Niblis of Dusk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ongoing Investigation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pieces of the Puzzle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Press for Answers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rattlechains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rise from the Tides
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seagraf Skaab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silburlind Snapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent Observer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Startled Awake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Persistent Nightmare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stitched Mangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stitchwing Skaab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormrider Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thing in the Ice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awoken Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trail of Evidence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uninvited Geist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unimpeded Trespasser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vessel of Paramnesia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Welcome to the Fold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accursed Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infectious Curse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alms of the Vein
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Asylum Visitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Behind the Scenes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Behold the Beyond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Biting Rain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call the Bloodline
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creeping Dread
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crow of Dark Tidings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dead Weight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diregraf Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elusive Tormentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insidious Mist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ever After
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farbog Revenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/From Under the Floorboards
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghoulcaller's Accomplice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghoulsteed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gisa's Bidding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grotesque Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heir of Falkenrath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heir to the Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hound of the Farbogs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indulgent Aristocrat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindly Stranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demon-Possessed Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana's Indignation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Macabre Waltz
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Markov Dreadknight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merciless Resolve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morkrut Necropod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murderous Compulsion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Olivia's Bloodsworn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pale Rider of Trostad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pick the Brain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rancid Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relentless Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rottenheart Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanitarium Skeleton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shamble Back
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sinister Concoction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stallion of Ashmouth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stromkirk Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Throttle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/To the Slaughter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twins of Maurer Estate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vessel of Malignity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avacyn's Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodmad Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breakneck Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neck Breaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burn from Within
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Convicted Killer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Branded Howler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dance with Devils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devils' Playground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dissension in the Ranks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ember-Eye Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Falkenrath Gorger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flameblade Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gatstaf Arsonists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gatstaf Ravagers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geier Reach Bandit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vildin-Pack Alpha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geistblast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gibbering Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goldnight Castigator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harness the Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howlpack Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hulking Devil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incorrigible Youths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inner Struggle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insolent Neonate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kessig Forgemaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flameheart Werewolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magmatic Chasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malevolent Whispers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Bloodseeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reduce to Ashes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanguinary Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Senseless Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sin Prodder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skin Invasion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skin Shedder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiteful Motives
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stensia Masquerade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Structural Distortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulrich's Kindred
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vessel of Volatility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Village Messenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonrise Intruder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voldaren Duelist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolf of Devil's Breach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aim High
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Autumnal Gloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient of the Equinox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Briarbridge Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Byway Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clip Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Confront the Unknown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crawling Sensation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptolith Rite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cult of the Waxing Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathcap Cultivator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskwatch Recruiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krallenhorde Howler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Equestrian Skill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fork in the Road
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gloomwidow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graf Mole
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Groundskeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hermit of the Natterknolls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lone Wolf of the Natterknolls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hinterland Logger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timber Shredder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howlpack Resurgence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inexorable Blob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intrepid Provisioner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kessig Dire Swine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lambholt Pacifist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lambholt Butcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loam Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Might Beyond Reason
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moldgraf Scavenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonlight Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obsessive Skinner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pack Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quilled Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Root Out
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage of Ancient Lore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Werewolf of Ancient Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seasons Past
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Second Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverfur Partisan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solitary Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/One of the Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Swallower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoic Builder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornhide Wolves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tireless Tracker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traverse the Ulvenwald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulvenwald Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulvenwald Mysteries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran Cathar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watcher in the Web
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weirding Wood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Altered Ego
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anguished Unmaking
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fevered Visions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Gitrog Monster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invocation of Saint Traft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nahiri, the Harbinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Olivia, Mobilized for War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prized Amalgam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigarda, Heron's Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorin, Grim Nemesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brain in a Jar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupted Grafstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Epitaph Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Explosive Apparatus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harvest Hand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrounged Scythe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunted Cloak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magnifying Glass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murderer's Axe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neglected Heirloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashmouth Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runaway Carriage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shard of Broken Glass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeleton Key
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slayer's Plate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tamiyo's Journal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraben Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonewing Antagonizer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/True-Faith Censer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wicker Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild-Field Scarecrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Choked Estuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drownyard Temple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foreboding Ruins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortified Village
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foul Orchard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Game Trail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Highland Lake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Port Town
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warped Landscape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Westvale Abbey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ormendahl, Profane Prince
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apothecary Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armored Ascension
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrenton Medic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boon Reflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goldenglow Moth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Auramancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inquisitor's Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Rabble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Shielddare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mass Calcify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mine Excavation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistmeadow Skulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Niveous Wisps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order of Whiteclay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pale Wayfarer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resplendent Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune-Cervin Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runed Halo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Safehold Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strip Bare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windbrisk Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woeleecher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Advice from the Fae
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Biting Tether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Briarberry Cohort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cerulean Wisps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consign to Dream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Counterbore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepchannel Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drowner Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flow of Ideas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghastly Discovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isleback Spawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kinscaer Harpoonist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knacksaw Clique
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leech Bonder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merrow Wavebreakers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parapet Watchers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prismwake Merrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puca's Mischief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Put Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Kelpie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savor the Moment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sinking Feeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Syphon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whimwader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aphotic Wisps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashenmoor Cohort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blowfly Infestation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinderbones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinderhaze Wretch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrosive Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crowd of Cinders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disturbing Plot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dusk Urchins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gloomlance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hollowborn Barghest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hollowsage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loch Korrigan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague of Vermin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polluted Bonds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rite of Consumption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smolder Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Splitting Headache
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wound Reflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blistering Dieflyn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodshed Fever
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boggart Arsonists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burn Trail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cragganwick Cremator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crimson Wisps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deep-Slumber Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elemental Mastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ember Gale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furystoke Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horde of Boggarts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inescapable Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intimidator Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knollspine Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knollspine Invocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mudbrawler Cohort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puncture Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rage Reflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rustrazor Butcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slinking Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Swing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crabapple Cohort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devoted Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dramatic Entrance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flourishing Defenses
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foxfire Oak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gloomwidow's Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howl of the Night Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Juvenile Gloomwidow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Reflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mossbridge Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nurturer Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prismatic Omen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raking Canopy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roughshod Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toil to Renown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower Above
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridescent Wisps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildslayer Elves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witherscale Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrenton Cragtreads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Chains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enchanted Evening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glamer Spinners
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Godhead of Awe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puresight Merrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repel Intruders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silkbind Faerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Somnomancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thistledown Duo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thistledown Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtweft Gambit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turn to Mist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worldpurge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zealous Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cemetery Puca
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dire Undercurrents
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Salvage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fate Transfer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghastlord of Fugue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravelgill Axeshark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravelgill Duo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helm of the Ghastlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inkfathom Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memory Sluice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merrow Grimeblotter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oona's Gatewarden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River's Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarscale Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sygg, River Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torpor Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wanderbrine Rootcutters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wasp Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashenmoor Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cultbrand Cinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Din of the Fireherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emberstrike Duo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fists of the Demigod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grief Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kulrath Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manaforge Cinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Poison the Well
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sootstoke Kindler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sootwalkers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiteflame Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traitor's Roar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tyrannize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boartusk Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fossil Find
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impromptu Raid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loamdragger Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morselhoarder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mudbrawler Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runes of the Deus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scuzzback Marauders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scuzzback Scrapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tattermunge Duo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tattermunge Maniac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valleymaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barkshell Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawnglow Infusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Hexhunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartmender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Medicine Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercy Killing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Old Ghastbark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oracle of Nectars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oversoul of Dusk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raven's Run Dragoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reknit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhys the Redeemed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Safehold Duo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Safehold Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Safewright Quest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seedcradle Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield of the Oversoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wheel of Sun and Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazethorn Scarecrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blight Sickle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chainbreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elsewhere Flask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnarled Effigy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Poppet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heap Doll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illuminated Folio
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lockjaw Snapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurebound Scarecrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pili-Pala
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rattleblaze Scarecrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reaper King
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revelsong Horn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrapbasket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scuttlemutt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tatterkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornwatch Scarecrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Umbral Mantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watchwing Scarecrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wicker Warcrawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wingrattle Scarecrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Madblind Mountain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistveil Plains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonring Island
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ageless Sentinels
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Astral Steel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Farseer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Liberator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daru Spiritualist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daru Warchief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawn Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimensional Breach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Scales
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exiled Doomsayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Force Bubble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frontline Strategist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guilty Conscience
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rain of Blades
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recuperate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reward the Faithful
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trap Digger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wipe Clean
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zealous Inquisitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aphetto Runecaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coast Watcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decree of Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dispersal Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faces of the Past
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frozen Solid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hindering Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Long-Term Plans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercurial Kite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metamorphose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mischievous Quanar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Warchief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parallel Thoughts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pemmin's Aura
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raven Guild Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raven Guild Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scornful Egotist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thundercloud Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Conditioning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Interrogator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call to the Grave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chill Haunting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clutch of Undeath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consumptive Goo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fatal Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Final Punishment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lethal Vapors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lingering Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Putrid Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reaping the Graves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skulltap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unburden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unspeakable Symbol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vengeful Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonethorn Valesk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enrage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extra Arms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Brigand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Psychopath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grip of Chaos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misguided Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyrostatic Pillar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rock Jockey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scattershot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirk Volcanist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torrent of Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uncontrolled Infestation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accelerated Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alpha Status
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Ooze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Break Asunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decree of Savagery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divergent Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Fangs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Drover
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kurgadon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/One with Nature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primitive Etchings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Root Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titanic Bulvox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treetop Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Upwelling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirewood Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodcloaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Edgewalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karona, False God
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ark of Blight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Proteus Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stabilizer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devout Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eager Cadet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Royal Falcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran Cavalier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Transfer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Eagle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vizzerdrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dakmor Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dakmor Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrieking Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stream of Acid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Chariot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trained Orgg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Durkwood Boars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverback Ape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Willow Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avenging Arrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Arrester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Justiciar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bazaar Krovod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Concordia Pegasus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethereal Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keening Apparition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knightly Valor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martial Law
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Palisade Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Security Blockade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seller of Songbirds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Tithe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunspire Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trained Caracal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trostani's Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aquus Steed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chronic Flooding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conjured Currency
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Downsize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hover Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inaction Injunction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isperia's Skywatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mizzium Skin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Spiral
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runewing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Search the City
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyline Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulsworn Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx of the Chimes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Syncopate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voidwielder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assassin's Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Catacomb Slug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cremate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daggerdrome Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Revenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Destroy the Evidence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deviant Glee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drainpipe Vermin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Betrayal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Roustabout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Launch Party
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pack Rat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perilous Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sewer Shambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrieking Affliction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slum Reaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terrus Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zanikev Locust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Annihilating Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ash Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Batterhorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bellows Lizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodfray Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaos Imps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cobblebrute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Electrickery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Explosive Impact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Rally
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gore-House Chainwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guild Feud
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lobber Crew
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minotaur Aggressor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pursuit of Flight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyroconvergence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Racecourse Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Survey the Wreckage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tenement Crasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Racketeer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archweaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Axebane Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Axebane Stag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur's Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chorus of Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death's Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drudge Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gobbling Ooze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Decoy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horncaller's Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Korozda Monitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Bloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oak Street Innkeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rubbleback Rhino
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Towering Indrik
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urban Burgeoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worldspine Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armada Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chemister's Trick
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collective Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Common Bond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coursers' Accord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Detention Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dramatic Rescue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Backlash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fall of the Gavel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Havoc Festival
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellhole Flailer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isperia, Supreme Judge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Staticaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jarad's Orders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Smiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lyev Skyknight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/New Prahv Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Ragemutt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Ringleader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos, Lord of Riots
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos's Return
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteous Authority
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Risen Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rites of Reaping
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rix Maadi Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Search Warrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skull Rend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skymark Roc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slaughter Games
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sluiceway Scorpion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawn of Rix Maadi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtflare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trestle Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trostani, Selesnya's Voice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vitu-Ghazi Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azor's Elocutors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blistercoil Weird
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frostburn Weird
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Longlegs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Growing Ranks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nivmagus Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Shred-Freak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slitherhead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vassal Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Civic Saber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Codex Shredder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Keyrune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Keyrune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Keyrune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Keyrune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Street Sweeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tablet of the Guilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volatile Rig
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battering Ram
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elven Riders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murk Dwellers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorceress Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zephyr Falcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Conscription
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hand of Emrakul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Not of This World
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skittering Invasion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawnsire of Ulamog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eland Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harmless Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedron-Field Purists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ikiral Outrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Line-Slinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightmine Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Luminous Wake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul's Attendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulbound Guardians
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalwart Shield-Bearers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Student of Warfare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time of Heroes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Totem-Guide Hartebeest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Transcendent Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Umbra Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Finesse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cast Through Time
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion's Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coralhelm Commander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crab Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deprive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Domestication
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dormant Gomazoa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drake Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eel Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enclave Cryptologist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frostwind Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravitational Shift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halimar Wavewatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jwari Scuttler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lay Bare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lighthouse Chronologist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Observer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantasmal Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality Spasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recurring Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Doppelganger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shared Discovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skywatcher Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Training Grounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unified Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venerated Teacher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arrogant Bloodlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baneful Omen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contaminated Ground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Cultist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Appetite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Escaped Null
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Feed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gloomhunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellcarver Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nighthaze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nirkana Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nirkana Revenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Null Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perish the Thought
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repay in Kind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeletal Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suffer the Past
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Gorger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vendetta
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zof Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zulaport Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akoum Boulderfoot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Rampart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brimstone Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brood Birthing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devastating Summons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Explosive Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grotag Siege-Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kargan Dragonlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lagac Lizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lavafume Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lust for War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rage Nimbus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raid Bombardment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulsurge Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawning Breath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valakut Fireboar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/World at War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bear Umbra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bramblesnap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broodwarden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gelatinous Genesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gigantomancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravity Well
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Growth Spasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haze Frog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joraga Treespeaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Khalni Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leaf Arrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Destiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Might of the Masses
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Momentous Fall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mul Daya Channelers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naturalize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nema Siltlurker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Realms Uncharted
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stomper Cub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tajuru Preserver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sarkhan the Mad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelheart Vial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enatu Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre's Cleaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pennon Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reinforced Bulwark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baffling End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bishop of Binding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazing Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cleansing Ray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everdawn Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exultant Skymarcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Famished Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forerunner of the Legion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imperial Ceratops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Luminous Bonds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Majestic Heliopterus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyr of Dusk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moment of Triumph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paladin of Atonement
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pride of Conquerors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radiant Destiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanguine Glorifier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skymarcher Aspirant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slaughter the Strong
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snubhorn Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx's Decree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squire's Devotion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun-Crested Pterodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple Altisaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trapjaw Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zetalpa, Primal Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Admiral's Order
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aquatic Incursion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crafty Cutpurse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crashing Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curious Obsession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadeye Rig-Hauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Expel from Orazca
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flood of Recollection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hornswoggle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Induced Amnesia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitesail Corsair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kumena's Awakening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mist-Cloaked Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nezahal, Primal Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Release to the Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Darter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riverwise Augur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Legs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seafloor Oracle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secrets of the Golden City
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silvergill Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siren Reaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slippery Scoundrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul of the Rapids
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spire Winder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sworn Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timestream Navigator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warkite Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waterknot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arterial Flow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canal Monitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion of Dusk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Inquiry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dead Man's Chest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dinosaur Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dire Fleet Poisoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dusk Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fathom Fleet Boarder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forerunner of the Coalition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golden Demise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grasping Scoundrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruesome Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mastermind's Acquisition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mausoleum Harpy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moment of Craving
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oathsworn Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pitiless Plunderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reaver Ambush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sadistic Skymarcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tetzimoc, Primal Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tomb Robber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twilight Prophet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Revenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vona's Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voracious Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bombard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brass's Bounty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brazen Freebooter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Buccaneer's Bravado
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charging Tuskodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daring Buccaneer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dire Fleet Daredevil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Etali, Primal Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fanatical Firebrand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forerunner of the Empire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Form of the Dinosaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frilled Deathspitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Trailblazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mutiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Needletooth Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orazca Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pirate's Pillage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rekindling Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/See Red
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shake the Foundations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverclad Ferocidons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stampeding Horncrest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Fleet Swashbuckler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun-Collared Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swaggering Corsair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tilonalli's Crown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tilonalli's Summoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aggressive Urge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cacophodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cherished Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crested Herdcaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deeproot Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enter the Unknown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forerunner of the Heralds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghalta, Primal Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giltgrove Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hardy Veteran
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jade Bearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jadecraft Artisan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jadelight Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungleborn Pioneer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Stampede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orazca Frillback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overgrown Armasaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Path of Discovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polyraptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strength of the Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swift Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tendershoot Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrashing Brontodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderherd Migration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wayward Swordtooth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/World Shaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angrath, the Flame-Chained
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atzocan Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azor, the Lawbringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadeye Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dire Fleet Neckbreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elenda, the Dusk Rose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hadana's Climb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winged Temple of Orazca
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Huatli, Radiant Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Journey to Eternity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atzal, Cave of Eternity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Creeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kumena, Tyrant of Orazca
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Legion Lieutenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Mistbinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Path of Mettle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metzali, Tower of Triumph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Profane Procession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tomb of the Dusk Rose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Protean Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Regisaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relentless Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resplendent Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siegehorn Ceratops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Fleet Sprinter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm the Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vault of Catlacan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zacama, Primal Calamity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awakened Amalgam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azor's Gateway
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctum of the Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captain's Hook
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gleaming Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golden Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gold-Forge Garrison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Immortal Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orazca Relic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent Gravestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arch of Orazca
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vraska, Scheming Gorgon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vraska's Conquistador
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vraska's Scorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angrath, Minotaur Pirate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angrath's Ambusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swab Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angrath's Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Fury-Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caregiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chant of Vitu-Ghazi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Concerted Effort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conclave's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devouring Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divebomber Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromad Purebred
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festival of the Guildpact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gate Hound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghosts of the Innocent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunted Lammasu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leave No Trace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Light of Sanction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Gatekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightguard Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oathsworn Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screeching Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seed Spark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suppression Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Votary of the Conclave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wojek Apothecary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wojek Siren
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Belltower Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cerulean Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Convolute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Copy Enchantment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dizzy Spell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drake Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Leash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drift of Phantasms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethereal Usher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye of the Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flight of Fancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grayscaled Gharial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grozoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halcyon Glaze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunted Phantasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Induce Paranoia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lore Broker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mark of Eviction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mnemonic Nexus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Muddle the Mixture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quickchange
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawnbroker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tattered Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terraformer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidewater Minion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tunnel Vision
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Entrancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wizened Snitches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zephyr Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Funnel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brainspoil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Howler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clinging Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkblast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir House Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Machinations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disembowel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Empty the Catacombs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunted Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infectious Host
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last Gasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonlight Bargain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortipede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Netherborn Phalanx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ribbons of Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roofstalker Wight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sewerdreg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shred Memory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sins of the Past
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strands of Undeath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtpicker Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undercity Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vindictive Mob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woebringer Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbarian Riftcutter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blockbuster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coalhauler Swine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dogpile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Excruciator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Fusillade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flash Conscription
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galvanic Arc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Fire Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Forgeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incite Hysteria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indentured Oaf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Instill Furor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindmoil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ordruun Commando
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rain of Embers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reroute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sabertooth Alley Cat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seismic Spike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sell-Sword Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoneshaker Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surge of Zeal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torpid Moloch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Fangtail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Slasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warp World
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War-Torch Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wojek Embermage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chord of Calling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dryad's Caress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gather Courage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Brownscale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goliath Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivy Dancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nullmage Shepherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perilous Forays
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rolling Spoil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siege Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone-Seeder Hierophant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Transluminant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trophy Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ursapine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agrus Kos, Wojek Veteran
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Autochthon Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodbond March
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brightflame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circu, Dimir Lobotomist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clutch of the Undercity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Congregation at Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consult the Necrosages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Heart of the Wood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave-Shell Scarab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian of Vitu-Ghazi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindleech Mass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perplex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phytohydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Drain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rally the Righteous
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razia's Purification
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savra, Queen of the Golgari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seeds of Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Sagittars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sisters of Stone Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunhome Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tolsimir Wolfblood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twisted Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodwraith Corrupter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodwraith Strangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Recruit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Safeguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaze of the Gorgon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurking Informant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Privileged Position
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadow of Doubt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodletter Quill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bottled Cloister
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown of Convergence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclopean Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glass Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grifter's Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Junktroller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leashling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nullstone Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pariah's Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peregrine Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terrarion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voyager Staff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskmantle, House of Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aurora Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of Kangee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dominaria's Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guard Dogs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heroic Defiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hobble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honorable Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lashknife Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/March of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planeswalker's Mirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pollen Remedy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samite Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samite Pilgrim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunscape Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surprise Deployment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arctic Merfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Confound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dralnu's Pet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ertai's Trickery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Escape Routes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunting Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Overlay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planeswalker's Mischief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rushing River
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Snidd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shifting Sky
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sisay's Ingenuity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sleeping Potion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waterspout Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Down
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Suspicions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Bomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exotic Disease
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord of the Undead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maggot Carrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightscape Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noxious Vapors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Bloodstock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Scuta
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planeswalker's Scorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shriek of Dread
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sinister Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcano Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warped Devotion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caldera Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadapult
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Game
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Implode
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insolence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Recluse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Mantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magma Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mire Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Jailer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planeswalker's Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Singe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slingshot Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strafe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tahngarth, Talruum Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderscape Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alpha Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amphibious Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Falling Timber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magnigoth Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirrorwood Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Multani's Harmony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nemata, Grove Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planeswalker's Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pygmy Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quirion Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Root Greevil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornscape Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cavern Harpy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud Cover
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daring Leap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Destructive Flow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doomsday Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dralnu's Crusade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ertai, the Corrupted
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horned Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Twilight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malicious Advice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Crocodile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural Emergence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Tyranny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radiant Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razing Snidd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sparkcaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steel Leaf Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Guilt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Cylix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyship Weatherlight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stratadon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crosis's Catacombs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darigaaz's Caldera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromar's Cavern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forsaken City
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meteor Crater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rith's Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terminal Moraine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treva's Ruins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Commander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crovax, Ascendant Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawn Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dust Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost Tactician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heroes Remembered
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Tabernacle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mantle of Leadership
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Poultice Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rebuff the Wicked
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riftmarked Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shade of Trokair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voidstone Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malach of the Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mycologist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Porphyry Nodes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revered Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sinew Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auramancer's Guise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Braids, Conjurer Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chronozoa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dichotomancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dismal Failure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreamscape Artist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jodah's Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Bazaar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality Acid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellshift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Synchronous Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidewalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timebender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veiling Oddity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venarian Glimmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wistful Thinking
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frozen Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gossamer Phantasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Thaumaturgist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ovinize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Piracy Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Pilferer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Big Game Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brain Gorgers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Affliction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cradle to Grave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dash Hopes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadly Grub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imp's Mischief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirri the Cursed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Muck Drubb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantasmagorian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ridged Kusite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roiling Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitting Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Extortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treacherous Urge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waning Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dunerider Outlaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Dirge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Melancholy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Null Profusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrouded Lore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampiric Link
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battering Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Detritivore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dust Corona
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fatal Frenzy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firefright Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lavacore Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Needlepeak Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sulfur Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timecrafting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcano Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Firebird
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Wumpus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ana Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evolution Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fungal Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunting Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Life and Limb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Library
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mire Boa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pouncing Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychotrope Thallid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reflex Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sophic Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timbermare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uktabi Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Utopia Vow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vitaspore Thallid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fa'adiyah Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Healing Leaves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keen Sense
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cautery Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkheart Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dormant Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frenetic Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Fracture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessed Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Convergence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diving Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Excise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowering Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glittering Lion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glittering Lynx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeweled Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mageta the Lion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mageta's Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercenary Informer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mine Bearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reveille Squad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhystic Circle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhystic Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samite Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sheltering Prayers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield Dancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Charmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword Dancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trenching Steed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Troubled Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alexi, Zephyr Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alexi's Cloak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avatar of Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coastal Hornclaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Denying Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Excavation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gulf Squid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hazy Homunculus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heightened Awareness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Vapors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overburden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Theft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksilver Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rethink
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhystic Deluge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhystic Scrying
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ribbon Snake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrouded Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiketail Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiketail Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormwatch Eagle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunken Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Troublesome Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windscouter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Withdraw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agent of Shauku
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chilling Apparition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coffin Puppets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Charmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Despoil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endbringer's Revel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fen Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greel, Mind Raker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greel's Caress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Genesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nakaya Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noxious Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Outbreak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pit Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rebel Informer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhystic Syphon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhystic Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Strings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steal Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Vipers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whipstitched Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbed Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Branded Brawlers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brutal Suppression
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Citadel of Pain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devastate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fault Riders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fickle Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flameshot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inflame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Arsonist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Firebombers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Latulla, Keldon Overseer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Latulla's Orders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lesser Gargadon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Panic Attack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhystic Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ridgeline Rager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scoria Cat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Search for Survivors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searing Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spur Grappler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Task Mage Assembly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran Brawlers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whip Sergeant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zerapa Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avatar of Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Calming Verse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dual Nature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elephant Resurgence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forgotten Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jolrael's Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Terrain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Boa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mungha Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pygmy Razorback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rib Cage Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Root Cage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silt Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitting Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spore Frog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squirrel Wrangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thresher Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vintara Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vintara Snapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vitalizing Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wing Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Copper-Leaf Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hollow Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keldon Battlewagon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Well of Discovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Well of Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhystic Cave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wintermoon Mesa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroan Jailer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ampryn Tactician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archangel of Tithes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Battle Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessed Spirits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charging Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cleric of the Forward Order
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consul's Lieutenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enlightened Ascetic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enshrouding Mist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hallowed Moonlight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Healing Hands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heavy Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of the Pilgrim's Road
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kytheon's Tactics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murder Investigation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patron of the Valiant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sentinel of the Eternal Watch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Starfield of Nyx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suppression Bonds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swift Reckoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Oracle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anchor to the Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artificer's Epiphany
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aspiring Aeronaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bone to Ash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Calculated Dismissal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Day's Undoing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deep-Sea Terror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of the Ring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Displacement Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreadwaters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Miscreant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hydrolash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace's Sanctum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maritime Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nivix Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Rebuttal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ringwarden Owl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Send to Sleep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Separatist Voidmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigiled Starfish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skaab Goliath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx's Tutelage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stratus Walk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watercourser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirler Rogue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blightcaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consecrated by Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Dabbling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Pact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erebos's Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eyeblight Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eyeblight Massacre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnarlroot Trapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Scarring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infinite Obliteration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malakir Cullblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necromantic Summons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightsnare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rabid Bloodsucker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shambling Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Remedy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornbow Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tormented Thoughts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Touch of Moonglove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undead Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unholy Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weight of the Underworld
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acolyte of the Inferno
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroan Sergeant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avaricious Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call of the Full Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Impulse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firefiend Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flameshadow Conjuring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghirapur Aether Grid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghirapur Gearcrafter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infectious Bloodlust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Javelin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mage-Ring Bully
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magmatic Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Vortex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prickleboar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravaging Blaze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seismic Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyraker Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Subterranean Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thopter Engineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Rambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerial Volley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animist's Awakening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caustic Caterpillar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwynen's Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gather the Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Great Aurora
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of the Pantheon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hitchclaw Recluse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joraga Invocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Empath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mantle of Webs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orchard Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pharika's Disciple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reclaim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhox Maulers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skysnare Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Somberwald Alpha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titanic Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valeron Wardens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vine Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Instincts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodland Bellower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yeva's Forcemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zendikar's Roil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazing Hellhound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood-Cursed Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bounding Krasis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Citadel Castellan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iroas's Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Possessed Skaab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reclusive Artificer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zendikar Incarnate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alchemist's Vial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alhammarret's Archive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel's Tomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonded Construct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brawler's Plate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chief of the Foundry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gold-Forged Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helm of the Gods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mage-Ring Responder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meteorite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orbs of Warding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prism Ring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyromancer's Goggles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramroller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigil of Valor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Throwing Knife
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran's Sidearm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Horn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlefield Forge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foundry of the Consuls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Wastes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mage-Ring Network
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Reef
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Coast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eagle of the Watch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weave Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flesh to Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prized Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancestor's Prophet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Extraction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aurification
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Brigadier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Soulgazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlefield Medic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Catapult Squad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chain of Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Solace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Convalescent Care
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crowd Favorites
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown of Awe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crude Rampart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daru Cavalier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daru Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daru Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daunting Defender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawning Purist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defensive Maneuvers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dive Bomber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doubtless One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foothill Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glarecaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grassland Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravel Slinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gustcloak Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harsh Mercy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Improvised Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inspirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironfist Crusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nova Cleric
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pearlspear Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Piety Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandskin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shared Triumph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shieldmage Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigil of the New Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunfire Balm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/True Believer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unified Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weathered Wayfarer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Words of Worship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Airborne Aid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Annex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aphetto Alchemist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aphetto Grifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artificial Evolution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ascending Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Fateshaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Backslide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Callous Oppressor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Complicate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crafty Pathmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown of Ascension
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Discombobulate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dispersing Orb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disruptive Pitmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Fracture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleeting Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghosthelm Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graxiplon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imagecrafter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Information Dealer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ixidor, Reality Sculptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ixidor's Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mage's Guile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meddle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Dreamer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Mutant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Shrieker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Skyreaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nameless One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peer Pressure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Trance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Biologist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Chronologist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Entrancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Shapeshifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rummaging Wizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea's Claim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spy Network
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Standardize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Supreme Inquisitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trickery Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wheel and Deal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Words of Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accursed Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anurid Murkdiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aphetto Vulture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blackmail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boneknitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Archon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Executioner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Slaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chain of Smog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cover of Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown of Suspicion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Match
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Pulse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of Malice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doomed Necromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ebonblade Reaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endemic Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entrails Feaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fade from Memory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fallen Cleric
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/False Cure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feeding Frenzy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frightshroud Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gangrenous Goliath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gluttonous Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravespawn Sovereign
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grinning Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunted Cadaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Head Games
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Headhunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misery Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oversold Cemetery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patriarch's Bidding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Profane Prayers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotlung Reanimator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screeching Buzzard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Severed Legion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shade's Breath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spined Basher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strongarm Tactics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrashing Mudspawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walking Desecration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Withering Hex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Words of Waste
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wretched Anurid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Airdrop Condor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blistering Firecat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Break Open
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brightstone Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Butcher Orgg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chain of Plasma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charging Slateback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commando Raid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown of Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Custody Battle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Roost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Blastminer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embermage Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fever Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamestick Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Machinist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Pyromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Sky Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Taskmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grand Melee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaboom!
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lavamancer's Skill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Echoes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nosy Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pinpoint Avalanche
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Risky Move
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searing Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaleskin Bruiser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skittish Valesk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snapping Thragg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitfire Handler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spurred Wolverine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tephraderm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtbound Primoc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Threaten
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunder of Hooves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wave of Indifference
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Words of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animal Magnetism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barkhide Mauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Biorhythm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Birchlore Rangers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodline Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Glade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chain of Acid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown of Vigor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Guidance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Pathcutter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Pioneer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Scrapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enchantress's Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everglove Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hystrodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invigorating Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kamahl's Summons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Groundshaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leery Fogbeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mythic Proportions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overwhelming Instinct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Boost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Run Wild
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serpentine Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snarling Undorak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spitting Gourna
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stag Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steely Resolve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Symbiotic Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Symbiotic Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempting Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Towering Baloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treespring Lorian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venomspout Brackus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vitality Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Mulch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weird Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirewood Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirewood Pride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Words of Wilding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptic Gateway
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doom Cannon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Chisel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Replicator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tribal Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Laboratory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seaside Haven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Starlit Sanctum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unholy Grotto
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deceiver of Form
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Mimic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kozilek, the Great Distortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kozilek's Pathfinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Matter Reshaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality Smasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spatial Contortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought-Knot Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walker of the Wastes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warden of Geometries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warping Wail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Displacer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Affa Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Allied Reinforcements
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call the Gatewatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dazzling Reflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/General Tazri
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iona's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isolation Zone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Scythemaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Sky Climber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Linvala, the Preserver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Make a Stand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Makindi Aeronaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Gideon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ondu War Cleric
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searing Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawnbinder Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steppe Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Haven Outfitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoneforge Acolyte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Resurgence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abstruse Interference
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinding Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cultivator Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimensional Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravity Negator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prophet of Distortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slip Through Space
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Harvester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Void Shatter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Crab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Comparative Analysis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Containment Membrane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crush of Tentacles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclone Sire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift of Tusks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grip of the Roil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedron Alignment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jwar Isle Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Jace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overwhelming Denial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roiling Waters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx of the Final Word
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sweep Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Umara Entangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unity of Purpose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bearer of Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Depleter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flaying Tendrils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Havoc Sower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inverter of Truth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kozilek's Shrieker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kozilek's Translator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oblivion Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reaver Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sifter of Skulls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sky Scourer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slaughter Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unnatural Endurance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Visions of Brutality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witness the End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpse Churn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drana's Chosen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalitas, Traitor of Ghet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malakir Soothsayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Null Caller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remorseless Punishment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tar Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Envoy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zulaport Chainmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consuming Sinkhole
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Aggressor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Obligator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immobilizer Eldrazi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kozilek's Return
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maw of Kozilek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality Hemorrhage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akoum Flameseeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boulder Salvo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra, Flamecaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devour in Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embodiment of Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Expedite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fall of the Titans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Freerunner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kazuul's Toll Collector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Chandra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Press into Service
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyromancer's Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Bushwhacker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sparkmage's Gambit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tears of Valakut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zada's Commando
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Birthing Hulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruin in Their Wake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scion Summoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalking Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vile Redeemer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/World Breaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baloth Pup
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonds of Mortality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canopy Gorger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elemental Uprising
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embodiment of Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harvester Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lead by Example
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loam Larva
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural State
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa's Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Nissa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulse of Murasa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seed Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Advocate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tajuru Pathwarden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flayer Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindmelter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Void Grafter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ayli, Eternal Pilgrim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cliffhaven Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joraga Auxiliary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mina and Denn, Wildborn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reflector Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormchaser Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weapons Trainer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bone Saw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captain's Claws
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chitinous Cloak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedron Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seer's Lantern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoneforge Masterwork
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupted Crossroads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crumbling Vestige
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hissing Quagmire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Holdout Settlement
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meandering River
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirrorpool
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Needle Spires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruins of Oran-Rief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Gate Wreckage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Submerged Boneyard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timber Gorge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wandering Fumarole
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wastes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aegis of Honor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancestral Tribute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animal Boneyard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Cloudchaser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Flock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Shrine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balancing Act
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beloved Chaplain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessed Orator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cantivore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cease-Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Confessor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dedicated Martyr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delaying Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devoted Caretaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Sacrament
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dogged Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earnest Fellowship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embolden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graceful Antelope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hallowed Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kirtar's Desire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lieutenant Kirtar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Life Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Luminous Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master Apothecary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Penitent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Visionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nomad Decoy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patrol Hound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pilgrim of Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pilgrim of Virtue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ray of Distortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resilient Wanderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Rites
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphere of Duty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphere of Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphere of Law
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphere of Reason
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphere of Truth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiritualize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tattoo Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Testament of Faith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tireless Tribe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wayward Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aboshan, Cephalid Emperor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aboshan's Desire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amugaba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Graft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Fisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Smokeweaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Windreader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balshan Beguiler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balshan Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bamboozle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle of Wits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Careful Study
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Looter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Retainer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Shrine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chamber of Manipulation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cognivore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cultural Exchange
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deluge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dematerialize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreamwinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Escape Artist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extract
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fervent Denial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immobilizing Ink
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laquatus's Creativity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patron Wizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pedantic Learning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Persuasion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Whelp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psionic Gift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulsating Illusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puppeteer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rites of Refusal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shifty Doppelganger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Think Tank
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Devourer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Eater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Nibbler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Stretch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Touch of Invisibility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traumatize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treetop Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unifying Theory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Words of Wisdom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Afflict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodcurdler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Inquisitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Patriarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Shrine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Childhood Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coffin Purge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt Creeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cursed Monstrosity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decaying Soil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dirty Wererat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Execute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Face of Fear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Famished Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Filthy Cur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fledgling Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frightcrawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghastly Demise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravestorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunting Echoes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hint of Insanity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infected Vermin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malevolent Awakening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindslicer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morbid Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morgue Theft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nefarious Lich
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Painbringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patriarch's Desire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repentant Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotting Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screams of the Damned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skull Fracture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalking Bloodsucker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Pact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tombfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traveling Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whispering Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Cannibal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acceptable Losses
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashen Firebeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbarian Lunatic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bash to Bits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Strain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bomb Squad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chainflinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chance Encounter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demoralize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Grunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Recruiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Shrine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Strike Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earth Rift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Engulfing Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Epicenter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frenetic Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halberdier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impulsive Maneuvers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kamahl's Desire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Blister
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liquid Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mad Dog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magma Vein
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magnivore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mine Layer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minotaur Explorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Influence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mudhole
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Need for Speed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obstinate Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pardic Firecat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pardic Miner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pardic Swordsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Price of Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Firecat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scorching Missile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seize the Day
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shower of Coals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spark Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steam Vines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thermal Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tremble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Spray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whipkeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bearscape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cartographer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chatter of the Squirrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chlorophant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crashing Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deep Reconnaissance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diligent Farmhand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Druid Lyrist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Druid's Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elephant Ambush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorilla Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ground Seal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Holistic Wisdom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howling Gale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leaf Dancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metamorphic Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moment's Peace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Muscle Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Disciple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Shrine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/New Frontiers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nut Collector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Piper's Melody
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Frenzy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rabid Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Refresh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rites of Spring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seton, Krosan Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seton's Desire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simplify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshooter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellbane Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Springing Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squirrel Mob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Still Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terravore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twigwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Succession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vivify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodland Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zoologist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atogatog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lithatog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantatog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sarcatog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thaumatog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Catalyst Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charmed Pendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkwater Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Junk Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Limestone Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mossfire Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Otarian Juggernaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandstone Deadfall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowblood Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skycloud Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steamclaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sungrass Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abandoned Outpost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Wreckage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Pit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Garden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystal Quarry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deserted Temple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mossfire Valley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nomad Stadium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Petrified Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravaged Highlands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seafloor Debris
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skycloud Expanse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tarnished Citadel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timberland Ruins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Survivors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cathedral Membrane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chancellor of the Annex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Due Respect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exclusion Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forced Worship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inquisitor Exarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost Leonin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Convert
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marrow Shards
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Norn's Annex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Unlife
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Porcelain Legionnaire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puresteel Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remember the Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shriek Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Report
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Argent Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arm with Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blighted Agent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chained Throatseeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chancellor of the Spires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupted Resolve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defensive Stance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impaler Shrike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mental Misstep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindculling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Numbing Dose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Surgery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spined Thopter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viral Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xenograft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blind Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caress of Phyrexia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chancellor of the Dross
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dementia Bat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geth's Verdict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glistening Oil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ichor Explosion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Life's Finale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortis Dogs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parasitic Implant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pith Driller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Postmortem Lunge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Praetor's Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reaper of Sheoldred
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toxic Nim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whispering Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artillerize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bludgeon Brawl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chancellor of the Forge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fallen Ferromancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flameborn Viron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furnace Scamp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geosurge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invader Parasite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moltensteel Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Menial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rage Extractor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razor Swine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruthless Invasion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrapyard Salvo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slag Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slash Panther
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tormentor Exarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Victorious Destruction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulshok Refugee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Birthing Pod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chancellor of the Tangle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrosive Gale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glissa's Scorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greenhilt Trainee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leeching Bite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Melira, Sylvok Outcast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mycosynth Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noxious Revival
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Swarmlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotted Hystrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spinebiter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thundering Tanadon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triumph of the Hordes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Betrayers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conversion Chamber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Relic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gremlin Mine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hex Parasite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hovermyr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immolating Souleater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insatiable Souleater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isolation Cell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiln Walker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necropouncer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Omen Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pestilent Souleater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrine of Boundless Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrine of Limitless Power
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrine of Loyal Legions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrine of Piercing Vision
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Conduit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surge Node
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torpor Orb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trespassing Souleater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unwinding Clock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avenger en-Dal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinding Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chieftain en-Dal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defender en-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiant Falcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fanatical Devotion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lashknife
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lawbringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightbringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lin Sivvi, Defiant Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Netter en-Dal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Stand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Off Balance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oracle's Attendants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silkenfist Fighter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silkenfist Order
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sivvi's Ruse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sivvi's Valor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiritual Asylum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Topple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voice of Truth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Air Bladder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudskate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ensnare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infiltrate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jolting Merfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oraxid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pale Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parallax Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rising Waters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootwater Commando
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootwater Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seahunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seal of Removal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sliptide Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sneaky Homunculus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stronghold Biologist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stronghold Machinist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stronghold Zeppelin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Submerge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trickster Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wandering Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlefield Percher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Belbe's Percher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Triumph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Pit Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divining Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Massacre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Slash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Swords
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murderous Betrayal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parallax Dementia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parallax Nexus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Driver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rathi Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rathi Intimidator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spineless Thug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiteful Bully
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volrath the Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arc Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bola Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Rift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Crusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Overseer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Slide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laccolith Grunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laccolith Rig
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laccolith Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laccolith Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laccolith Whelp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Cache
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Alarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Salvage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Toady
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moggcatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rupture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrieking Mogg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stronghold Gambit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animate Land
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coiling Woodworm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fog Patch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harvest Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mossdog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nesting Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overlaid Terrain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pack Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Refreshing Rain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reverent Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saproling Cluster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Claim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Cutter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Poacher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Ridgeback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treetop Bracers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Mammoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodripper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Belbe's Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Belbe's Portal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Complex Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye of Yawgmoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flint Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Thopter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kill Switch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parallax Inhibitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rackling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rejuvenation Chamber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rusting Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rath's Edge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Altar's Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Bladewarden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Steelshaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Transfixer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awe Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Den-Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Mender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Peacekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Punisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roar of the Kha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rule of Law
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Second Sunrise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyhunter Cub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slith Ascendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solar Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Nova
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphere of Purity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempest of Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assert Authority
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Domineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream's Grip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fatespinner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inertia Bubble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Looming Hoverguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lumengrid Augur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lumengrid Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lumengrid Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neurok Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neurok Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Override
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Membrane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksilver Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shared Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Cascade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Archmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wanderguard Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Betrayal of Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chimney Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contaminated Bond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of the Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dross Harvester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dross Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flayed Nim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Reminder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Irradiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moriok Scavenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrogen Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nim Devourer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nim Lasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nim Shambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nim Shrieker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relic Bane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slith Bloodletter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spoils of the Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vermiculos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wail of the Nim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woebearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arc-Slogger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Confusion in the Ranks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Electrostatic Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Gambit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fists of the Anvil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forge Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fractured Loyalty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Striker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incite War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krark-Clan Grunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krark-Clan Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mass Hysteria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Megatog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Leadfoot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rustmouth Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulshok Battlemaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlegrowth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodscent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brown Ouphe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Copperhoof Vorrac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deconstruct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fangren Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glissa Sunseeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Groffskithur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hum of the Radix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Journey of Discovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molder Slug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predator's Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slith Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Scrying
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tel-Jilad Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tel-Jilad Chosen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tel-Jilad Exile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trolls of Tel-Jilad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turn to Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Joiner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wurmskin Forger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alpha Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Altar of Shadows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banshee's Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chromatic Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockwork Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockwork Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clockwork Vorrac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cobalt Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystal Shard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Culling Scales
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dead-Iron Sledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dross Scorpion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskworker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elf Replica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galvanic Key
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gate to the Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Dirigible
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Replica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin War Wagon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golem-Skin Gauntlets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Granite Shard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grid Monitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartwood Shard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hematite Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jinxed Choker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krark's Thumb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Scimitar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Sun Standard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leveler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liar's Pendulum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifespark Spellbomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Coils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malachite Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mesmeric Orb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindstorm Crown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mourner's Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Adapter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Incubator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Mindservant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Prototype
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrogen Spellbomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Needlebug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neurok Hoversail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightmare Lash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nim Replica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Omega Myr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pearl Shard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pewter Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power Conduit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Proteus Staff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychogenic Probe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksilver Fountain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rust Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rustspore Ram
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scale of Chiss-Goria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrabbling Claws
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scythe of the Wretched
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slagwurm Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldier Replica
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Foundry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellweaver Helix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunbeam Spellbomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talisman of Impulse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talisman of Progress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talisman of Unity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tanglebloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangleroot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tel-Jilad Stylus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Prison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timesifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titanium Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tooth of Chiss-Goria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower of Champions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower of Eons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower of Murmurs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Longbow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vorrac Battlehorns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulshok Gauntlets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Welding Jar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worldslayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinkmoth Well
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ballyrush Banneret
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battletide Alchemist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burrenton Shield-Bearers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Changeling Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coordinated Barrage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forfend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Idyllic Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indomitable Ancients
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kinsbaile Borderguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Zephyrnaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order of the Golden Cricket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Preeminent Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Redeem the Lost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shinewend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonybrook Schoolmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wandering Graybeard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weight of Conscience
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Declaration of Naught
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dewdrop Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fencer Clique
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Floodchaser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grimoire Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ink Dissolver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inspired Sprite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knowledge Exploitation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merrow Witsniper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nevermaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Notorious Throng
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Research the Deep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage of Fables
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage's Dousing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigil Tracer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slithermuse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonybrook Banneret
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stream of Unconsciousness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Supreme Exemplar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thieves' Fortune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waterspout Weavers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fendeep Summoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Final-Sting Faerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frogtosser Banneret
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maralen of the Mornsong
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonglove Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morsel Theft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightshade Schemers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noggin Whack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Offalsnout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pack's Disdain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prickly Boggart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulling Teeth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revive the Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarblade Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squeaking Pie Grubfellows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stenchskipper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stinkdrinker Bandit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Violet Pall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weed-Pruner Poplar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weirding Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boldwyr Heavyweights
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brighthearth Banneret
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire Juggler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hostile Realm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindled Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Crafter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lunk Errant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mudbutton Clanger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyroclast Consul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rage Forger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Release the Ants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roar of the Crowd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seething Pathblazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sensation Gorger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shard Volley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stingmoggie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stomping Slabs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunflare Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titan's Revenge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vengeful Firebrand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bosk Banneret
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cream of the Crop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deglamer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthbrawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everbark Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Game-Trail Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilt-Leaf Archdruid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greatbow Doyen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leaf-Crowned Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Luminescent Rain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lys Alana Bowmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orchard Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Recross the Paths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reins of the Vinesteed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhys the Exiled
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scapeshift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unstoppable Ash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winnower Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolf-Skull Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloak and Dagger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diviner's Wand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obsidian Battle-Axe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornbite Staff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran's Armaments
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Beyond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alabaster Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ballista Squad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charm Peddler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charmed Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cho-Arrim Alchemist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cho-Arrim Bruiser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cho-Arrim Legate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cho-Manno, Revolutionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cho-Manno's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Common Cause
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cornered Market
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crackdown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crossbow Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fountain Watch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fresh Volunteers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honor the Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ignoble Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inviolability
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivory Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhovall Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhovall Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moment of Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonlit Wake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Muzzle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightwind Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Purpose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orim's Cure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pious Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramosian Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramosian Commander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramosian Lieutenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramosian Rally
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramosian Sergeant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramosian Sky Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rappelling Scouts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renounce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revered Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reverent Mantra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteous Indignation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Security Detail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soothing Balm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiritual Focus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steadfast Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Story Circle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Task Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thermal Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tonic Peddler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trap Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wishmonger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerial Caravan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balloon Peddler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blockade Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Buoyancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chambered Nautilus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chameleon Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charisma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud Sprite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coastal Piracy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cowardice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Customs Depot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darting Merfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dehydration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diplomatic Escort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diplomatic Immunity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drake Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embargo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extravagant Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/False Demise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glowing Anemone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/High Seas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hoodwink
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indentured Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karn's Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misstep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Port Inspector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rishadan Airship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rishadan Brigand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rishadan Cutpurse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rishadan Footpad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sailmonger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sand Squid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saprazzan Bailiff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saprazzan Breaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saprazzan Heir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saprazzan Legate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saprazzan Outrigger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saprazzan Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shoving Match
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soothsaying
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squeeze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Statecraft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stinging Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thwart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Bore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Kraken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trade Routes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Tax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alley Grifters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Smugglers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cackling Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cateran Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cateran Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cateran Kidnappers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cateran Overlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cateran Persuader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cateran Slaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cateran Summons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupt Official
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathgazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepwood Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepwood Legate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delraich
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enslaved Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forced March
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunted Crossroads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Instigator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insubordination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intimidation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Larceny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liability
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maggot Therapy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misshapen Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molting Harpy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nether Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Notorious Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pretender's Claim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primeval Shambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Putrefaction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quagmire Lamprey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rampart Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rouse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scandalmonger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sever Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skulking Fugitive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Channeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Specter's Wail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strongarm Thug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrashing Wumpus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unnatural Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Distortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arms Dealer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blaster Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Hound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Oath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brawl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cave Sense
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cave-In
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cavern Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ceremonial Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Close Quarters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crag Saurian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flailing Manticore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flailing Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flailing Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flaming Sword
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furious Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gerrard's Irregulars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hammer Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hired Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kris Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kyren Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kyren Legate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kyren Negotiations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kyren Sniper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lunge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magistrate's Veto
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercadia's Downfall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulverize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puppet's Verdict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Robber Fly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rock Badger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seismic Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shock Troops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sizzle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tectonic Break
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Territorial Dispute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thieves' Auction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderclap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uphill Battle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warpath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Jhovall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Word of Blasting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bifurcate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boa Constrictor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Briar Patch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caller of the Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caustic Wasps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clear the Land
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawnstrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadly Insect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepwood Drummer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepwood Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepwood Tantiv
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepwood Wolverine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erithizon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ferocity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Food Chain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Game Preserve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horned Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunted Wumpus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Land Grant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ley Line
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lumbering Satyr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Megatherium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural Affinity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pangosaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rushwood Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rushwood Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rushwood Herbalist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rushwood Legate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saber Ants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Prey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverglade Pathfinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snake Pit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snorting Gahr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spontaneous Generation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stamina
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sustenance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tiger Claws
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venomous Breath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venomous Dragonfly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vernal Equinox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vine Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assembly Hall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbed Wire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bargaining Table
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Credit Voucher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crenellated Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crooked Scales
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crumbling Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Distorting Lens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye of Ramos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/General's Regalia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heart of Ramos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horn of Plenty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horn of Ramos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iron Lance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeweled Torque
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kyren Archive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kyren Toy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magistrate's Scepter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercadian Atlas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercadian Lift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monkey Cage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Panacea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Power Matrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puffer Extract
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rishadan Pawnshop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skull of Ramos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tooth of Ramos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toymaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worry Beads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fountain of Cho
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Henge of Ramos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hickory Woodlot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercadian Bazaar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peat Bog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remote Farm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rushwood Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandstone Needle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saprazzan Cove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saprazzan Skerry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Subterranean Hangar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower of the Magistrate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acidic Dagger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amber Prison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amulet of Unmaking
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Basalt Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bone Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chariot of the Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystal Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cursed Totem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elixir of Vitality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ersatz Gnomes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horrible Hordes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Igneous Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lead Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mangara's Tome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misers' Cage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patagia Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paupers' Cage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razor Pendulum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sand Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teeka's Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telim'Tor's Darts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unerring Sling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ventifact Bottle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abyssal Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashen Powder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbed-Back Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Binding Agony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blighted Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bone Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breathstealer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Catacomb Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt Cobra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dirtwater Wraith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ebony Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fetid Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forbidden Crypt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forsaken Wastes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Servitude
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravebane Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harbinger of Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Contract
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaervek's Hex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mire Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nocturnal Raid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Painful Memories
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Tribute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purraj of Urborg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reign of Terror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restless Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sewer Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shallow Grave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shauku, Endbringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Rend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulshriek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit of the Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tombstone Stairwell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Panther
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Corpses
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Withering Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Mob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azimaet Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bay Falcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bazaar of Wonders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cerulean Wyvern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloak of Invisibility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daring Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Fighter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Energy Vortex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ether Well
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Floodgate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hakim, Loreweaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harmattan Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kukemssa Pirates
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kukemssa Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Bend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Harness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mist Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Political Trickery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polymorph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prismatic Lace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality Ripple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandbar Crocodile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sapphire Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Scryer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaper Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suq'Ata Firewalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taniwha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Curse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thirst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vaporous Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wave Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Afiya Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbed Foliage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brushwagg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canopy Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crash of Rhinos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cycle of Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decomposition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Early Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fallow Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Femeref Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foratog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gibbering Hyenas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Granger Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hall of Gemstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jolrael's Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karoo Meerkat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Locust Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lure of Prey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maro
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindbender Spores
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mtenda Lion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural Balance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nettletooth Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Preferred Selection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roots of Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sabertooth Cobra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seedling Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seeds of Innocence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serene Heart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Superior Numbers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tranquil Domain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tropical Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uktabi Faerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uktabi Wildcats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unseen Walker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unyaro Bee Sting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Village Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waiting in the Weeds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worldly Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aleatory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armorer Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barreling Attack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blind Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blistering Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Builder's Bane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Palm Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Shield Askari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaos Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaosphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Cloud
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consuming Ferocity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crimson Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crimson Roc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Miner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Nomad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ekundu Cyclops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emberwilde Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Final Fortune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Elite Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Scouts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Soothsayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Tinkerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hivis of the Scale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illicit Auction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Reflexes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyric Salamander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Embermage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reign of Chaos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searing Spear Askari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sirocco
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Subterranean Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talruum Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telim'Tor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telim'Tor's Edict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torrent of Lava
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zirilan of the Claw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alarum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auspicious Ancestor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benevolent Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Civic Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dazzling Beauty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disempower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Retribution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ekundu Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethereal Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Favorable Destiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Femeref Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Femeref Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Femeref Scouts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illumination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iron Tusk Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivory Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jabari's Influence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mangara's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mangara's Equity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Melesse Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mtenda Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mtenda Herder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Null Chamber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pearl Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prismatic Circle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rashida Scalebane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ritual of Steel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowbane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Echo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunweb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teremko Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unyaro Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigilant Martyr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Resistance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ward of Lights
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhalfirin Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zuberi, Golden Feather
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Asmira, Holy Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benthic Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cadaverous Bloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Despair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delirium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Discordant Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emberwilde Caliph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Energy Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frenetic Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harbor Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunting Apparition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hazerider Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaervek's Purge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leering Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malignant Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Purge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prismatic Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purgatory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radiant Essence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reflect Damage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reparations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rock Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sawback Manticore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sealed Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shauku's Minion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spatial Binding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unfulfilled Desires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vitalizing Cascade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warping Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wellspring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windreaper Falcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zebra Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Isle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isolated Chapel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vault of the Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accorder Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ardent Recruit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banishment Decree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Choking Fumes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frantic Salvage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gore Vassal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kemba's Legion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Priests of Norn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tine Shrike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupted Conscience
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptoplasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Distant Memories
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fuel for the Cause
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirran Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mitotic Manipulation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neurok Commando
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oculus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksilver Geyser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serum Raker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spire Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steel Sabotage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Anatomist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Infuser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vivisection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caustic Hound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flensermite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flesh-Eater Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruesome Encore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horrifying Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Massacre Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morbid Plunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nested Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyresis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Vatmother
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Septic Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Virulent Wound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blisterstick Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burn the Impure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Concussive Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnathosaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hero of Oxid Ridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Into the Core
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Koth's Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kuldotha Flamefiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kuldotha Ringleader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metallic Mastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Resister
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rally the Forces
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Red Sun's Zenith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slagstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiraling Duelist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blightwidow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creeping Corrosion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fangren Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glissa's Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Melira's Keepers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirran Mettle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pistus Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plaguemaw Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quilled Slagwurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rot Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangle Mantis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrun, the Last Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unnatural Predation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Corrupter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tezzeret, Agent of Bolas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bladed Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blightsteel Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brass Squire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Core Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Plate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decimator Web
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dross Ripper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knowledge Pool
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lumengrid Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magnetic Mine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirrorworks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Turbine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Welder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Digester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Juggernaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Revoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pierce Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Piston Sledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razorfield Rhino
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rusted Slasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shriekhorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverskin Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skinwing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spin Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strandwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangle Hulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titan Forge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Training Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Claw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contested War Zone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inkmoth Nexus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avacyn, Guardian Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boonweaver Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Constricting Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauntless River Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ephemeral Shields
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/First Response
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heliod's Pilgrim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meditation Puzzle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oppressive Rays
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oreskos Swiftclaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paragon of New Dawns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pillar of Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razorfoot Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Return to the Ranks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctified Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selfless Cathar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seraph of the Masses
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solemn Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul of Theros
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulmender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectra Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Bonds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sungrace Pegasus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tireless Missionaries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triplicate Spirits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warden of the Beyond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherspouts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amphin Pathmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chronostutter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coral Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diffusion Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Encrust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ensoul Artifact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fugitive Wizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glacial Crasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hydrosurge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jorubai Murk Lurker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kapsho Kitefins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of Predicaments
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Military Intelligence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Sculpt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nimbus of the Isles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paragon of Gathering Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quickling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Research Assistant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Statute of Denial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormtide Leviathan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Void Snare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accursed Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Cat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Host
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Crow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Covenant of Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crippling Blight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Sadist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endless Obedience
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feast on the Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leeching Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrobite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necromancer's Assistant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necromancer's Stockpile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightfire Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ob Nixilis, Unshackled
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paragon of Open Graves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowcloak Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul of Innistrad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stain the Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unmake the Graves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Limbs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witch's Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xathrid Slyblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Act on Impulse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aggressive Mining
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Altac Bloodseeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Belligerent Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blastfire Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brood Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Anger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clear a Path
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crowd's Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forge Devil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Generator Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Kaboomist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inferno Fist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kird Chieftain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krenko's Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kurkesh, Onakke Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Might Makes Right
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Miner's Bane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paragon of Fierce Defiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrapyard Mongrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul of Shandalar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Back to Nature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnivorous Moss-Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Incarnation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hornet Nest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunter's Ambush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invasive Species
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalonian Twingrove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Life's Legacy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Totem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa's Expedition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paragon of Eternal Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ranger's Guile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roaring Primadox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runeclaw Bear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaman of Spring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunblade Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undergrowth Scavenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venom Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Haven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vineweft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yisan, the Wanderer Bard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sliver Hivelord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avarice Amulet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Chain Veil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gargoyle Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunted Plate Mail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hot Soup
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obelisk of Urd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perilous Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Profane Memento
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rogue's Gloves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Armory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scuttling Doom Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield of the Avatar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staff of the Death Magus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staff of the Flame Magus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staff of the Mind Magus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staff of the Sun Magus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staff of the Wild Magus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tyrant's Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Will-Forged Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sliver Hive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inspired Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Courser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garruk's Packleader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devout Invocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Griffin Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imposing Sovereign
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indestructibility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of Diversion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Cleansing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sentinel Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seraph of the Sword
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Show of Valor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siege Mastodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steelform Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonehorn Chanter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suntail Hawk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armored Cancrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dismiss into Dream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elite Arcanist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frost Breath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galerider Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimpse the Future
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionary Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Messenger Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nephalia Seakite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seacoast Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sensory Deprivation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tome Scour
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trained Condor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windreader Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zephyr Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artificer's Hex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpse Hauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Prophecy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathgaze Cockatrice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Return
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifebane Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liturgy of Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minotaur Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightwing Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quag Sickness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rise of the Dark Realms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowborn Apostle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowborn Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Syphon Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tenacious Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undead Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Warlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vile Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wring Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Academy Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awaken the Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrage of Expendables
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blur Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canyon Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclops Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flames of the Firebrand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleshpulper Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Talons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marauding Maulhorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindsparker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Birth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regathan Firecat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smelt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Striking Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thorncaster Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunder Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Guess
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Advocate of the Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bramblecrush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Briarpack Alpha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brindle Boar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gladecover Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Groundshaker Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Into the Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalonian Tusker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manaweft Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of the Ancient Wood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predatory Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primeval Bounty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rumbling Baloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Summoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sporemound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trollhide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vastwood Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voracious Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witchstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian of the Ages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Millstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyromancer's Gauntlet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ring of Three Wishes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sliver Construct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vial of Poison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel's Mercy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Squire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battleflight Eagle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captain's Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crusader of Odric
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glorious Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian Lions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardians of Akrasa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Healer of the Pride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prized Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhox Faithmender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silvercoat Lion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sublime Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Touch of the Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Falcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warclamp Mastiff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arctic Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Courtly Provocateur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Downpour
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harbor Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Index
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Redirect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Switcheroo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talrand's Invocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Void Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Reckoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diabolic Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disentomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskmantle Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duty-Bound Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Drain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harbor Bandit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of Infamy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana's Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nefarox, Overlord of Grixis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phylactery Lich
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Servant of Nefarox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimian Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veilborn Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wit's End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra, the Firebrand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Craterize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crimson Muckwader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firewing Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Battle Jester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindclaw Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slumbering Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worldfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bond Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boundless Realms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bountiful Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elderscale Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fungal Sprouting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garruk, Primal Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predatory Rampage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Huntbeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ranger's Path
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serpent's Gift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiked Baloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yeva, Nature's Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroma's Memorial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clock of Omens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gem of Becoming
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ring of Evos Isle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ring of Kalonia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ring of Thune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ring of Valkas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ring of Xathrid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sands of Delirium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellion Crucible
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alabaster Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Destiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arbalest Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archon of Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armored Warhorse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assault Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Veteran
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon's Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Griffin Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardians' Pledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifelink
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peregrine Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Personal Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roc Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonehorn Dignitary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timely Reinforcements
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alluring Siren
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amphin Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Fleetwing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chasm Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Djinn of Wishes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ice Cage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace's Erasure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord of the Unreal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Unbound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skywinder Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Reversal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Visions of Beyond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devouring Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Distress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drifting Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hideous Visage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monomania
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Onyx Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorin's Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sutured Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taste of Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vengeful Pharaoh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warpath Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonebreaker Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furyborn Hellkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Bangchuckers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manic Vandal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrambleverse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tectonic Rift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Torches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Autumn's Veil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carnage Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cudgel Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doubling Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garruk's Companion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunter's Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurking Crocodile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skinshifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown of Empires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crumbling Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greatsword
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kite Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kraken's Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manalith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rusted Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scepter of Empires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sundial of the Infinite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Throne of Empires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wurm's Tooth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Excommunicate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Palace Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vengeful Archon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azure Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foresee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leyline of Anticipation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mass Polymorph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barony Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Tithe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Tutelage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demon of Death's Gate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leyline of the Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana's Caress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necrotic Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nether Horror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotting Legion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stabbing Pain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arc Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Berserkers of Blood Ridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodcrazed Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra's Spitfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclops Gladiator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Destructive Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leyline of Punishment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magma Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyretic Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Evocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awakener Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dryad's Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fauna Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hornet Sting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunters' Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leyline of Vitality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Spiral
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Cocoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Protean Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Vines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystal Ball
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warlord's Axe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian Seraph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhox Pikemaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undead Slayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Faith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Convincing Mirage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disorient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hive Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionary Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serpent of the Endless Sea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx Ambassador
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zephyr Sprite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acolyte of Xathrid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Warlock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kelinore Bat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Bleed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Inquiry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burst of Speed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Artillery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ignite Disorder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inferno Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jackal Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Spearhunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yawning Fissure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bramble Creeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emerald Oryx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enormous Baloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entangling Vines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Great Sable Stag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalonian Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mist Leopard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mold Adder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regenerate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorgon Flail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magebane Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror of Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellbook
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brigid, Hero of Kinsbaile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cenn's Heir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Changeling Hero
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawnfluke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entangling Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Favor of the Mighty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goldmeadow Dodger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goldmeadow Stalwart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harpoon Sniper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Judge of Currents
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kinsbaile Balloonist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Harbinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lairwatch Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Militia's Pride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neck Snap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oaken Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sentry Oak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shields of Velis Vel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soaring Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Springjack Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summon the School
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surge of Thoughtweft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtweft Trio
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triclopean Sight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran of the Depths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wellgabber Apothecary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wispmare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wizened Cenn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benthicore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broken Ambitions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captivating Glance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deeptread Merrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drowner of Secrets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ego Erasure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethereal Whiskergill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Harbinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Trickery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fallowsage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fathom Trawl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forced Fruition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glen Elendra Pranksters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimmerdust Nap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merrow Commerce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merrow Harbinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistbind Clique
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paperfin Rascal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Protective Bubble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ringskipper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sentinels of Glen Elendra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shapesharer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silvergill Douser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sower of Temptation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonybrook Angler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surgespanner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tideshaper Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turtleshell Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wanderwine Prophets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zephyr Net
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Poplar Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Hoodlums
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boggart Birth Rite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boggart Harbinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boggart Loggers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boggart Mob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cairn Wanderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colfenor's Plans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exiled Boggart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Tauntings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Final Revels
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fodder Launch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hoarder's Greed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hornet Harasser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunter of Eyeblights
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knucklebone Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonglove Winnower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mournwhelk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nath's Buffoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nectar Faerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nettlevine Blight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightshade Stinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oona's Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prowess of the Fair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quill-Slinger Boggart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarred Vinebreeder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeletal Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiderwig Boggart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squeaking Pie Sneak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thorntooth Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weed Strangle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adder-Staff Boggart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashling the Pilgrim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashling's Prerogative
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Axegrinder Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boggart Forager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boggart Sprite-Chaser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caterwauling Boggart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ceaseless Searblades
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Changeling Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consuming Bonfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamekin Bladewhirl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamekin Spitfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Harbinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant's Ire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glarewielder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goatnapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hearthcage Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heat Shimmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lowland Oaf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Needle Drop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nova Chaser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rebellion of the Flamekin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlewand Oak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog-Strider Ash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Changeling Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Branchbender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Handservant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Epic Proportions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eyes of the Wisent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fistful of Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilt-Leaf Ambush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian of Cloverdell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heal the Scars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunt Down
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jagged-Scar Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Daggerdare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Mourncaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lammastide Weave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nath's Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootgrapple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seedguide Ash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spring Cleaning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Echoes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timber Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treefolk Harbinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warren-Scourge Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodland Changeling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodland Guidance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaddock Teeg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sygg, River Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wort, Boggart Auntie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wydwen, the Biting Gale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colfenor's Urn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dolmen Gate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herbal Poultice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Springleaf Drum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thorn of Amethyst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twinning Glass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wanderer's Twig
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auntie's Hovel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilt-Leaf Palace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howltooth Hollow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secluded Glen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shelldock Isle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wanderwine Hub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroma's Devoted
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Redeemer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Warhawk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beacon of Destiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Celestial Gatekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudreach Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daru Mender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daru Sanctifier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daru Stinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defender of the Order
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glowrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liege of the Axe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lowland Tracker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plated Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Starlight Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunstrike Legionnaire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swooping Talon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ward Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whipgrass Entangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wingbeat Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Envoy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Pathmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Covert Operative
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crookclaw Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dermoplasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gempalm Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glintwing Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of the Nine Gales
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of the Veil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Seaswift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistform Wakecaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primoc Escapee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Director
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Mangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shifting Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Synapse Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warped Researcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weaver of Lies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aphetto Exterminator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Celebrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Supplicant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathmark Prelate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drinker of Sorrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dripping Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthblighter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embalmed Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gempalm Polluter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghastly Remains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Turncoat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graveborn Muse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hollow Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Caretaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skinthinner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smokespew Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sootfeather Flock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toxin Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vile Deacon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blade Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodstoke Howler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crested Craghorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frenetic Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Clearcutter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Dynamo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Firebug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Grappler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Lookout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunter Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Macetail Hystrodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magma Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ridgetop Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rockshard Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaleskin Plower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirk Alarmist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirk Outrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unstable Hulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warbreak Trumpeter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Berserk Murlodont
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Branchsnap Lorian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brontotherium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canopy Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiant Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Soultiller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glowering Rogon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hundroog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Vigilante
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Needleshot Gourna
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patron of the Wild
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Whisperer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Root Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seedborn Muse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Totem Speaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tribal Forcemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vexing Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirewood Channeler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirewood Hivemaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Mana Battery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blue Mana Battery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forethought Amulet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Green Mana Battery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kry Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Life Matrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marble Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/North Star
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Red Mana Battery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relic Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ring of Immortals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/White Mana Battery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Slug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glyph of Doom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Headless Horseman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hell Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horror of Horrors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imprison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Medusa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jovial Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mold Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pit Scorpion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quagmire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimian Night Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Touch of Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Transmutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walking Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Putrid Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Shadows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Tombstones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anti-Magic Aura
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Backfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brine Hag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devouring Deep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Coat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elder Spawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Energy Tap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Field of Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flash Counter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glyph of Delusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invoke Prejudice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Part Water
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psionic Entity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puppet Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Relic Bind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reverberation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Kings' Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Segovian Leviathan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silhouette
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Cloak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teleport
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undertow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venarian Gold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Vapor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Wonder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aisling Leprechaun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbary Apes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cat Warriors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cocoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadfall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emerald Dragonfly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Floral Spuzzem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Turtle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glyph of Reincarnation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hornet Cobra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ichneumon Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of the Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moss Monster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pixie Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pradesh Gypsies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shelkin Brownie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Subdue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Paradise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Typhoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolverine Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerathi Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Backdraft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beasts of Bogardan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazing Effigy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caverns of Despair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crevasse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Song
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eternal Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Falling Star
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feint
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glyph of Destruction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravity Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hyperion Blacksmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Land's Edge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primordial Ooze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quarum Trench Gnomes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Bull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tempest Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/The Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Heat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Opposition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clergy of the Holy Nimbus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enchanted Being
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Equinox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortified Area
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glyph of Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Great Defender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Great Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heaven's Gate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Holy Day
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indestructible Aura
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infinite Authority
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keepers of the Faith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifeblood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rapid Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Remove Enchantments
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Link
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiritual Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tundra Wolves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Visions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Caltrops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ayesha Tanaka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gosta Dirk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Johan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kasimir the Lone Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord Magnus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ur-Drago
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adventurers' Guildhouse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cathedral of Serra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mountain Stronghold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seafarer's Quay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tolaria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unholy Citadel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alabaster Kirin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dazzling Ramparts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiant Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/End Hostilities
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feat of Resistance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firehoof Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeskai Student
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Hateblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Hordechief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rush of Battle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage-Eye Harrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salt Road Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siegecraft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Take Up Arms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timely Hordemate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venerable Lammasu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watcher of the Roost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wingmate Roc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinding Spray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clever Impersonator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embodiment of Spring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Force Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glacial Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeskai Windscout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kheru Spellsnatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistfire Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monastery Flock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pearl Lake Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quiet Contemplation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scaldkin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scion of Glaciers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Set Adrift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Singing Bell Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stubborn Denial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taigam's Scheming
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waterwhirl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wetland Sambar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirlwind Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bellowing Saddlebrute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bitter Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dead Drop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Debilitating Injury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disowned Ancestor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dutiful Return
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Empty the Pits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gurmag Swiftwing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kheru Bloodsucker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kheru Dreadmaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krumar Bond-Kin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Skullhunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molting Snakeskin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murderous Cut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raiders' Spoils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakshasa's Secret
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retribution of the Ancients
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rite of the Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotting Mastodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shambling Attendants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sidisi's Pet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sultai Scavenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swarm of Bloodflies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unyielding Krumar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ainok Tracker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arrow Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashcloud Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrage of Boulders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodfire Expert
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodfire Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bring Low
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canyon Lurkers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Grip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblinslide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horde Ambusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howl of the Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leaping Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Blazebringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Warshrieker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summit Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swift Kick
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valley Dasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War-Name Aspirant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alpine Grizzly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archers' Parapet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awaken the Bear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Become Immense
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonscale Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feed the Clan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Highland Game
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hooded Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hooting Mandrills
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kin-Tree Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Longshot Squad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meandering Towershell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pine Walker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roar of Challenge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sagu Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Punch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scout the Borders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/See the Unwritten
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smoke Teller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temur Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tusked Colossodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abomination of Gudul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armament Corps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bear's Companion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chief of the Edge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chief of the Scale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Frenzy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Efreet Weaponmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Highspire Mantis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icefeather Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeskai Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kin-Tree Invocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mantis Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Roughrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master the Way
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindswipe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ponyback Brigade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakshasa Deathdealer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ride Down
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sagu Mauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Knuckleblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secret Plans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snowhorn Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sorin, Solemn Visitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sultai Soothsayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temur Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warden of the Eye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winterflame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Banner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Altar of the Brood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Briber's Purse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cranial Archive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostfire Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heart-Piercer Bow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeskai Banner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lens of Clarity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Banner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sultai Banner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temur Banner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ugin's Nexus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witness of the Ages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tomb of the Spirit Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acrobatic Maneuver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherstorm Roc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Invention
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Authority of the Consuls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aviary Mechanic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Built to Last
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captured by the Consulate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consulate Surveillance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consul's Shieldguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eddytrail Hawk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fairgrounds Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fragmentize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fumigate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gearshift Ace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glint-Sleeve Artisan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of the Fair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impeccable Timing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master Trinketeer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ninth Bridge Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pressure Point
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Propeller Pioneer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Refurbish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revoke Privileges
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Servo Exhibition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyswirl Harrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skywhaler's Shot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tasseled Dromedary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thriving Ibex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toolcraft Exemplar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trusty Companion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Visionary Augmenter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wispweaver Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Meltdown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Theorist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aethersquall Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ceremonious Rejection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Confiscation Coup
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curio Vendor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disappearing Act
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dramatic Reversal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Era of Innovation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Experimental Aviator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Failed Inspection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gearseeker Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimmer of Genius
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glint-Nest Crane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hightide Hermit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insidious Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Janjeet Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Long-Finned Skywhale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malfunction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metallurgic Summonings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minister of Inquiries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nimble Innovator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Padeem, Consul of Innovation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paradoxical Outcome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revolutionary Rebuff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saheeli's Artistry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Select for Inspection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrewd Negotiation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tezzeret's Ambition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thriving Turtle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Blademaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weldfast Wingsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherborn Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambitious Aetherborn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demon of Dark Schemes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dhund Operative
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Die Young
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dukhara Scavenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eliminate the Competition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embraal Bruiser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Extraction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortuitous Find
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foundry Screecher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fretwork Colony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gonti, Lord of Luxury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harsh Scrutiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lawless Broker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Live Fast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost Legacy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Make Obsolete
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marionette Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maulfist Squad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Oil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morbid Curiosity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Night Market Lookout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ovalchase Daredevil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prakhata Club Security
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rush of Vitality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Subtle Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Syndicate Trafficker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thriving Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidy Conclusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Underhanded Designs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weaponcraft Enthusiast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aethertorch Renegade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brazen Scourge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Built to Smash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cathartic Reunion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra, Torch of Defiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra's Pyrohelix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fateful Showdown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furious Reprisal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Spectacle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harnessed Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incendiary Sabotage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inventor's Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lathnu Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Madcap Experiment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maulfist Doorbuster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pia Nalaar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksmith Genius
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Fireweaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Tactics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruinous Gremlin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salivating Gremlins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyship Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spark of Creativity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Speedway Fanatic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spireside Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spontaneous Artist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Start Your Engines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Territorial Gorger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terror of the Fairgrounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thriving Grubs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wayward Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Welding Sparks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Appetite for the Unnatural
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arborback Stomper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Architect of the Untamed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armorcraft Judge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Attune with Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blossoming Defense
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bristling Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commencement of Festivities
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cowl Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cultivator of Blades
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dubious Challenge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Durable Handicraft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elegant Edgecrafters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fairgrounds Trumpeter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghirapur Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Highspire Artisan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kujar Seedsculptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Larger Than Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Longtusk Cub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Way
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa, Vital Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ornamental Courage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oviya Pashiri, Sage Lifecrafter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peema Outrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riparian Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage of Shaila's Claim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Servant of the Conduit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Take Down
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thriving Rhino
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Wanderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildest Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wily Bandar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contraband Kingpin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Depala, Pilot Exemplar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dovin Baan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Empyreal Voyager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Engineered Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hazardous Conditions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kambal, Consul of Allocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rashmi, Eternities Crafter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restoration Gearsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saheeli Rai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unlicensed Disintegration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran Motorist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voltaic Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirler Virtuoso
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accomplished Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherflux Reservoir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherworks Marvel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Animation Module
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aradara Express
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ballista Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bastion Mastodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bomat Bazaar Barge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bomat Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cogworker's Puzzleknot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consulate Skygate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cultivator's Caravan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadlock Trap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decoction Module
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demolition Stomper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dukhara Peafowl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dynavolt Tower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eager Construct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Electrostatic Pummeler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fabrication Module
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Filigree Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fireforger's Puzzleknot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleetwheel Cruiser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foundry Inspector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghirapur Orrery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glassblower's Puzzleknot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inventor's Goggles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iron League Steed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Key to the City
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metalspinner's Puzzleknot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metalwork Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Multiform Wonder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Narnam Cobra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ovalchase Dragster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Panharmonicon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perpetual Timepiece
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prakhata Pillar-Bug
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Freighter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrapheap Scrounger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sky Skiff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skysovereign, Consul Flagship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smuggler's Copter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snare Thopter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torch Gauntlet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weldfast Monitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirlermaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodweaver's Puzzleknot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Workshop Assistant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Hub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blooming Marsh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Botanical Sanctum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Concealed Courtyard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inspiring Vantage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inventors' Fair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sequestered Stash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirebluff Canal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra, Pyrogenius
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame Lash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liberating Combustion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Firebrand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa, Nature's Artisan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian of the Great Conduit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terrain Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Crescendo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancestor's Chosen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Warcraft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlewise Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Border Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cagemail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chastise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commander Eesha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Funeral Pyre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golden Wish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lead Astray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nomad Mythmaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Flock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prismatic Strands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulsemage Advocate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ray of Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selfless Exorcist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shieldmage Advocate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silver Seraph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solitary Confinement
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulcatchers' Aerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Test of Endurance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trained Pronghorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigilant Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Fogbringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Constable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cephalid Inkshrouder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defy Gravity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Envelop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flash of Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grip of Amnesia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hapless Researcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laquatus's Disdain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost in Thought
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mental Note
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mist of Stagnation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scalpelexis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spelljack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telekinetic Bonds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Web of Inertia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wormfang Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wormfang Crab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wormfang Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wormfang Manta
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wormfang Newt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wormfang Turtle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balthor the Defiled
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cabal Trainee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death Wish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earsplitting Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Filth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Consequences
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Masked Gorgon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morality Shift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rats' Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toxic Stench
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treacherous Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treacherous Werewolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcane Teachings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbarian Bully
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Book Burning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Bloodboiler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Driller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Scorcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ember Shot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firecat Blitz
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flaring Pain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fledgling Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goretusk Firebeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infectious Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeska, Warrior Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Dart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liberated Dwarf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Chaos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaman's Trance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulgorger Orgg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellgorger Barbarian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swelter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swirling Sandstorm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anurid Barkripper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anurid Swarmsnapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlefield Scrounger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canopy Claws
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Rootcaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crush of Wurms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Epic Struggle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exoskeletal Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Folk Medicine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forcemage Advocate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Warthog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harvester Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironshell Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Reclamation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krosan Wayfarer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nantuko Tracer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantom Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seedtime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serene Sunset
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thriss, Nantuko Primus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tunneler Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venomous Vines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anurid Brushhopper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunting Grounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riftstone Portal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aegis of the Gods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani's Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroan Mastiff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armament of Nyx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deicide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eidolon of Rhetoric
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Font of Vigor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Godsend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harvestguard Alseids
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lagonna-Band Trailblazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Launch the Fleet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Iconoclast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortal Obstinacy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phalanx Formation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quarry Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sightless Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skybind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyspear Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonewise Fortifier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Supply-Line Cranes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tethmos High Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerial Formation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlefield Thaumaturge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Countermand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystalline Nautilus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dakra Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daring Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Font of Fortunes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Godhunter Octopus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hour of Need
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hubris
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hypnotic Siren
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Interpret the Signs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiora's Dismissal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pin to the Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polymorphous Rush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pull from the Deep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rise of Eagles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage of Hours
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thassa's Devourer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thassa's Ire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triton Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triton Shorestalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War-Wing Siren
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whitewater Naiads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agent of Erebos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aspect of Gorgon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodcrazed Hoplite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cast into Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Feeding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dictate of Erebos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extinguish All Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feast of Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Felhide Petrifier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Font of Return
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnarled Scarhide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/King Macar, the Gold-Cursed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of the Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightmarish End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nyx Infusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pharika's Chosen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Returned Reveler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ritual of the Returned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotted Hulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silence the Believers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiteful Blow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtrender Lamia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worst Fears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroan Line Breaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bearer of the Heavens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinding Flare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclops of Eternal Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamespeaker's Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flurry of Horns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Font of Ire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forgeborn Oreads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gluttonous Cyclops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harness by Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knowledge and Power
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Diadem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogis's Warhound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pensive Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prophetic Flamespeaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riddle of Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rollick of Abandon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rouse the Mob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Satyr Hoplite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigiled Skink
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spite of Mogis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Starfall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twinflame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildfire Cerberus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bassara Tower Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colossal Heroics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consign to Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desecration Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dictate of Karametra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Font of Fertility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golden Hind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goldenhide Ox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Humbler of Mortals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hydra Broodmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kruphix's Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Market Festival
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Panoply
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nessian Game Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oakheart Dryads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pheres-Band Thunderhoof
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pheres-Band Warchief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renowned Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reviving Melody
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Satyr Grovedancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Setessan Tactics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirespine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strength from the Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swarmborn Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani, Mentor of Heroes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Athreos, God of Passage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desperate Stand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of Deceit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleetfeather Cockatrice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keranos, God of Storms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kruphix, God of Horizons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nyx Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pharika, God of Affliction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revel of the Fallen God
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armory of Iroas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chariot of Victory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deserter's Quarters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Epiphany
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Malady
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abbey Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Flight Alabaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Overseer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avacynian Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloistered Youth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unholy Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feeling of Dread
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gallows Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nevermore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paraselene
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purify the Grave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spare from Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraben Purebloods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraben Militia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraben Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urgent Exorcism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voiceless Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armored Skaab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Back from the Brink
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battleground Geist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homicidal Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Civilized Scholar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deranged Assistant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortress Crab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frightful Delusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hysterical Blindness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invisible Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laboratory Maniac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lantern Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost in the Mist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memory's Journey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindshrieker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror-Mad Phantasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moon Heron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rooftop Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runic Repetition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selhoff Occultist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skaab Ruinator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Flight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stitcher's Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sturmgeist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undead Alchemist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bitterheart Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpse Lunge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Death's Hold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Oblivion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endless Ranks of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghoulcaller's Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruesome Deformity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartless Summoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manor Skeleton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Markov Patrician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maw of the Mire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotting Fensnake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screeching Bat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalking Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeletal Grimace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Village Cannibals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balefire Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crossway Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Stalked Prey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of the Pierced Heart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Falkenrath Marauders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Ridgewolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furor of the Bitten
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hanweir Watchkeep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bane of Hanweir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harvest Pyre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heretic's Punishment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Plunge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Instigator Gang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildblood Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Into the Maw of Hell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kessig Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kruin Outlaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terror of Kruin Pass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Night Revelers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightbird's Clutches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rage Thrower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Waif
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merciless Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riot Devils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rolling Temblor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge of Geier Reach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stromkirk Noble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rampaging Werewolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tormented Pariah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traitorous Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampiric Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironfang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Village Ironsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambush Viper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caravan Vigil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creeping Renaissance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darkthicket Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightfall Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daybreak Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elder of Laurels
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence of the Wild
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Full Moon's Rise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gatstaf Howler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gatstaf Shepherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnaw to the Bone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Bramble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krallenhorde Wantons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grizzled Outcasts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gutter Grime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hamlet Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hollowhenge Scavenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindercatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Make a Wish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moldgraf Monstrosity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonmist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parallel Lives
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Somberwald Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spidery Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Splinterfright
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Travel Preparations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulvenwald Mystics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulvenwald Primordials
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howlpack of Estwald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Villagers of Estwald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodland Sleuth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wreath of Geists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grimgrin, Corpse-Born
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cellar Door
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creepy Doll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonmail Hauberk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geistcatcher's Rig
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghoulcaller's Bell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graveyard Shovel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grimoire of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inquisitor's Flail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manor Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mask of Avacyn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/One-Eyed Scarecrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runechanter's Pike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silver-Inlaid Dagger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witchbane Orb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wooden Stake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clifftop Retreat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gavony Township
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hinterland Harbor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moorland Haunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nephalia Drownyard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stensia Bloodhall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sulfur Falls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodland Cemetery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alabaster Leech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ardent Soldier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atalya, Samite Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benalish Heralds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Capashen Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crimson Acolyte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crusading Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death or Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dismantling Blow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fight or Flight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimmering Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Global Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harsh Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liberate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obsidian Acolyte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orim's Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pledge of Loyalty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prison Barricade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Protective Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pure Reflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rampant Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restrain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rewards of Diversity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruham Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samite Ministration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit of Resistance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strength of Unity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunscape Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunscape Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Care
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wayfaring Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winnow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrin's Unmaking
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blind Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breaking Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collective Restraint
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystal Spray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Thrush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Empress Galina
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Leak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faerie Squadron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Maze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manipulate Fate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metathran Aerostat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metathran Transport
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metathran Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Probe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Battle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rainbow Crow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sapphire Leech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shoreline Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sky Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormscape Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormscape Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sway of Illusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teferi's Response
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Distortion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Visionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tolarian Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vodalian Hypnotist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vodalian Merchant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vodalian Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Well-Laid Plans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worldly Counsel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zanam Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Andradite Leech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiling Tears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desperate Research
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devouring Strossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Do or Die
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dredge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firescreamer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goham Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hate Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marauding Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mourning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightscape Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightscape Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Reaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Slayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Spitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scavenged Weaponry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Burn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spreading Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Well
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trench Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tsabo's Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tsabo's Decree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Phantom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Shambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Skeleton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yawgmoth's Agenda
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bend or Break
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Callous Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaotic Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collapsing Borders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firebrand Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghitu Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halam Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hooded Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Aggressor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Monarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Dart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loafing Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mages' Contest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overload
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pouncing Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rage Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rogue Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruby Leech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Offensive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarred Puma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scorching Lava
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searing Rays
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skittish Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skizzik
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slimy Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stand or Fall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tectonic Instability
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderscape Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderscape Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turf Wound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Grappler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blurred Mongoose
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canopy Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elfhame Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Explosive Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jade Leech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Chameleon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Lair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Might Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pincer Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulse of Llanowar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quirion Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quirion Trailblazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rooting Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saproling Infestation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saproling Symbiosis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scouting Trek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serpentine Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sulam Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornscape Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treefolk Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Utopia Tree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigorous Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wallop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wandering Stream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whip Silk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Absorb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Rift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armored Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Backlash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barrin's Spite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromar, the Banisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dueling Grounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frenzied Tilling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galina's Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horned Cheetah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunting Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kangee, Aerie Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meteor Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Panther
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ordered Migration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overabundance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Spores
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyre Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide Crab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sabertooth Nishoba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samite Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seer's Vision
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sleeper's Robe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slinking Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smoldering Tar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalking Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sterling Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tsabo Tavoc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vicious Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vile Consumption
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vodalian Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voracious Cobra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wings of Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Barbarian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alloy Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodstone Cameo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crosis's Attendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darigaaz's Attendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drake-Skull Cameo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromar's Attendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Juntu Stakes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lotus Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Altar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Lens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Portal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rith's Attendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seashell Cameo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sparring Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tigereye Cameo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treva's Attendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Troll-Horn Cameo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tsabo's Web
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Filter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Spring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archaeological Dig
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coastal Tower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geothermal Crevice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Irrigation Ditch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salt Marsh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sulfur Vent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tinder Farm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aegis of the Meek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Amulet of Quoz
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcum's Sleigh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcum's Weathervane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcum's Whistle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baton of Morale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crown of the Ages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fyndhorn Bow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Lyre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hematite Talisman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infinite Hourglass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lapis Lazuli Talisman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malachite Talisman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nacre Talisman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Onyx Talisman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runed Arch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Staff of the Ages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vexing Arcanix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Shields
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Chariot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whalebone Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burnt Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flow of Maggots
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaze of Pain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hoar Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Denizen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krovikan Elementalist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Legions of Lim-Dûl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leshrac's Rite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leshrac's Sigil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lim-Dûl's Hex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Ravel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Whip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mole Worms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moor Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Norritt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Lim-Dûl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pestilence Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seizures
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spoils of Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spoils of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stench of Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Touch of Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arnjlot's Ascent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breath of Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clairvoyance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Errant Minion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Force Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionary Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionary Terrain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ray of Erasure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality Twist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silver Erne
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snow Devil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snowfall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Barrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Updraft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winter's Chill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrath of Marit Lage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zur's Weirding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zuran Enchanter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Bears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blizzard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dire Wolves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthlore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elder Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fanatical Fever
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foxfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Freyalise Supplicant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Freyalise's Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fyndhorn Brownie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fyndhorn Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorilla Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hot Springs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Juniper Order Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maddening Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pale Bears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pygmy Allosaurus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyknite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rime Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snowblind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tarpan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtleech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Touch of Vitae
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trailblazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Pine Needles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya Gnats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aggression
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avalanche
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Barbarians
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbarian Guides
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Frenzy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bone Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brand of Ill Omen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaos Lord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaos Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Marit Lage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Armory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Game of Chaos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Sappers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grizzled Wolverine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imposing Visage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karplusan Yeti
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Melee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Melting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sabretooth Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tor Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Total War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vertigo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Lava
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adarkar Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arctic Foxes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arenson's Aura
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Cry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Scarab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessed Wine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinking Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blue Scarab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cold Snap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cooperation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drought
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Formation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fylgja
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/General Jarkeld
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Green Scarab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hipparion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kelsinko Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Knight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Phalanx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Royal Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Skyknight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercenaries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prismatic Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rally
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Red Scarab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snow Hound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/White Scarab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Altar of Bone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chromatic Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Vortex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flooded Woodlands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostly Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glaciers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monsoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mountain Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reclamation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adarkar Wastes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brushland
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halls of Mist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Land Cap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lava Tubes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Delta
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sulfurous Springs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timberline Ridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veldt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adorned Pouncer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Condemnation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of the God-Pharaoh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven of Enduring Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crested Sunmare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauntless Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert's Hold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disposal Mummy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Djeru, With Eyes Open
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Djeru's Renunciation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dutiful Servants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon's Defeat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/God-Pharaoh's Faithful
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hour of Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mummy Paramount
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oketra's Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oketra's Last Mercy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overwhelming Splendor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandblast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saving Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solemnity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solitary Camel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steadfast Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steward of Solidarity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunscourge Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unconventional Tactics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vizier of the True
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerial Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Reedstalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion of Wits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Countervailing Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cunning Survivor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eternal of Harsh Truths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fraying Sanity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hour of Eternity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imaginary Threats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jace's Defeat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kefnet's Last Word
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nimble Obstructionist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ominous Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Proven Combatant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riddleform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seer of the Last Tomorrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sinuous Striker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellweaver Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Striped Riverwinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Supreme Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swarm Intelligence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tragic Lesson
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unesh, Criosphinx Sovereign
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unquenchable Thirst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vizier of the Anointed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Accursed Horde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ammit Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apocalypse Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banewhip Punisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bontu's Last Reckoning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Screecher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doomfall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreamstealer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grisly Survivor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hour of Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Khenra Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lethal Sting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana's Defeat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurching Rotbeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marauding Boneslasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merciless Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moaning Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razaketh, the Foulblooded
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razaketh's Rite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruin Rat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrounger of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torment of Hailfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torment of Scarabs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torment of Venom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vile Manifestation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Without Weakness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wretched Camel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abrade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blur of Blades
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning-Fist Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra's Defeat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaos Maw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crash Through
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiant Khenra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthshaker Khenra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fervent Paincaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firebrand Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frontline Devastator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilded Cerodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Granitic Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hazoret's Undying Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hour of Devastation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imminent Doom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inferno Jet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Khenra Scrapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magmaroth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manticore Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neheb, the Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Open Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puncturing Blow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sand Strangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thorned Moloch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildfire Eternal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambuscade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beneath the Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bitterbow Sharpshooters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devotee of Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dune Diviner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frilled Sandwalla
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift of Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harrier Naga
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hope Tender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hour of Promise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Life Goes On
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Majestic Myriarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa's Defeat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oasis Ritualist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overcome
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pride Sovereign
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quarry Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rampaging Hippo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramunap Excavator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramunap Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resilient Khenra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhonas's Last Stand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhonas's Stalwart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sidewinder Naga
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sifter Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tenacious Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uncage the Menagerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodwater Entity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obelisk Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resolute Survivors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Hoopoe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samut, the Tested
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unraveling Mummy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Market
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consign
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oblivion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Claim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Struggle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Survive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Appeal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Authority
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reason
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Believe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Refuse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cooperate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Driven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Despair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abandoned Sarcophagus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crook of Condemnation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dagger of the Worthy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/God-Pharaoh's Gift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graven Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hollow One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirage Mirror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunset Pyramid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Forgotten Pharaohs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt of the Eternals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert of the Fervent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert of the Glorified
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert of the Indomitable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert of the Mindful
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert of the True
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dunes of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endless Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hashep Oasis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hostile Desert
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ifnir Deadlands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ipnu Rivulet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramunap Ruins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scavenger Grounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shefet Dunes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Survivors' Encampment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa, Genesis Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avid Reclaimer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brambleweft Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa's Encouragement
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nicol Bolas, the Deceiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wasp of the Bitter End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zealot of the God-Pharaoh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Visage of Bolas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Apocalypse Chime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feroz's Ban
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joven's Tools
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Carriage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cemetery Gate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drudge Spell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feast of the Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost Hounds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Werewolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Headstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Irini Sengir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Koskun Falls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sengir Bats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Timmerian Fiends
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veldrane of Sengir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baki's Curse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chain Stasis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coral Reef
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Maze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forget
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Albatross
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merchant Scroll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reef Pirates
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sea Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/An-Havva Constable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/An-Havva Inn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daughter of Autumn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Folk of An-Havva
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mammoth Harness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renewal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Root Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rysorian Badger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Willow Faerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aliban's Tower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anaba Bodyguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anaba Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Pony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Sea Clan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Trader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evaporate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heart Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironclaw Curse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Mine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winter Sky
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abbey Matron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aysen Highway
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beast Walkers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hazduhr the Abbot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mesa Falcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prophecy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rashka the Slayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samite Alchemist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Inquisitors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serra Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soraya the Falconer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trade Caravan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Truce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/An-Havva Township
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aysen Abbey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Castle Sengir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Koskun Keep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wizards' School
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerial Maneuver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Edict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Basilica Guards
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daring Skyjek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Debtor's Pulpit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dutiful Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frontline Medic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon, Champion of Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guildscorn Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hold the Gates
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Holy Mantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of Obligation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight Watch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Luminate Primordial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nav Squad Commandos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shielded Passage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Syndic of Tithes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zarichi Tiger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clinging Anemones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudfin Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diluvian Primordial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enter the Infinite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frilled Oculus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gridlock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hands of Binding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incursion Specialist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keymaster Rogue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last Thoughts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metropolis Sprite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindeye Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Realmwright
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage's Row Denizen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sapphire Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scatter Arc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Fluxmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Manipulator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skygames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Rupture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stolen Identity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voidwalk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Way of the Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Basilica Screecher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpse Blockade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death's Approach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devour Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dying Wish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gateway Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gutter Skulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horror of the Dim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illness in the Ranks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Killing Glare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord of the Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mental Vapors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Recovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Slumlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sepulchral Primordial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadow Slice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smog Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Syndicate Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrull Parasite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undercity Informer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undercity Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bomber Corps
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crackling Perimeter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firefist Striker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Five-Alarm Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furious Resistance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homing Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Legion Loyalist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mark for Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Massive Raid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Primordial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mugging
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ripscale Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scorchwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skinbrand Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skullcrack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Structural Collapse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tin Street Market
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Towering Thunderfist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Shanktail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warmind Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrecking Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adaptive Snapjaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alpha Authority
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burst of Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crocanura
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of the Old Ways
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forced Adaptation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Adephage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greenside Watcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gyre Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hindervines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ivy Lane Denizen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Miming Slime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ooze Flux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predator's Rapport
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rust Scarab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scab-Clan Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serene Remembrance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spire Tracer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sylvan Primordial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower Defense
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wasteland Viper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildwood Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alms Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assemble the Legion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aurelia's Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bane Alley Broker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Biovisionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borborygmos Enraged
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call of the Nightwing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cartel Aristocrat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathpact Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drakewing Krasis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duskmantle Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elusive Krasis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Executioner's Swing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortress Cyclops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul Ragebeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/High Priest of Penance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hydroform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kingpin's Pet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lazav, Dimir Mastermind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martial Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Grind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortus Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/One Thousand Lashes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ordruun Veteran
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhov Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paranoid Delusions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Visitation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purge the Profane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruination Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shambleshark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Signal the Clans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skarrg Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spark Trooper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unexpected Results
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vizkopa Confessor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wojek Halberdiers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhur-Taa Swine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arrows of Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beckon Apparition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Biomass Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bioshift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coerced Confession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathcult Rogue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immortal Servitude
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merfolk of the Depths
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pit Fight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shattering Blow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armored Transport
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Keyrune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Keyrune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glaring Spotlight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul Keyrune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionist's Bracers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Millennial Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhov Keyrune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razortip Whip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riot Gear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyblinder Staff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thespian's Stage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Absolver Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Belfry Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benediction of Moons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Droning Bureaucrats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghost Warden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostway
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graven Dominator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian's Magemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harrier Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leyline of the Meek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyred Rusalka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order of the Stars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadow Lance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrieking Grotesque
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sinstriker's Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyrider Trainee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spelltithe Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/To Arms!
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Withstand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherplasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystal Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drowned Rusalka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frazzle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gigadrowse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hatching Plans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infiltrator's Magemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leyline of Singularity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mimeofacture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runeboggle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sky Swallower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stratozeppelid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Torch Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abyssal Nocturnus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caustic Rain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cry of Contrition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptwailing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Douse in Gloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exhumer Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hissing Miasma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necromancer's Magemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhov Euthanist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ostiary Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Poisonbelly Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restless Bones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanguine Praetor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seize the Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smogsteed Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodscale Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fencer's Magemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghor-Clan Bloodscale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hypervolt Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leyline of Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Inferno
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parallectric Feedback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rabble-Rouser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shattering Spree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siege of Towers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tin Street Hooligan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battering Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beastmaster's Magemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bioplasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crash Landing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dryad Sophisticate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earth Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gatherer of Graces
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gristleback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul Nodorog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul Scrapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leyline of Lifeforce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Petrified Wood-Kin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predatory Focus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primeval Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silhana Starfletcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Starved Rusalka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wurmweaver Coil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blind Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borborygmos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning-Tree Bloodscale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning-Tree Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cerebral Vortex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conjurer's Ban
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Culling Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dune-Brood Nephilim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Animist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Flectomancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ink-Treader Nephilim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Killer Instinct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leap of Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhov Pontiff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scab-Clan Mauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Schismotivate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Souls of the Faultless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stitch in Time
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Streetbreaker Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teysa, Orzhov Scion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tibor and Lumia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulasht, the Hate Seed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witch-Maw Nephilim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wreak Havoc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yore-Tiller Nephilim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Debtors' Knell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mourning Thrull
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Petrahydrox
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Cantor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul War Plow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mizzium Transreliquat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moratorium Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orzhova, the Church of Deals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Augur il-Vec
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barren Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chronomantic Escape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dust of Moments
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Even the Odds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift of Granite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intervention Pact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Judge Unworthy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight of Sursi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost Auramancers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Moat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marshaling Cry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saltskitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samite Censer-Bearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scout's Warning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit en-Dal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blade of the Sixth Pride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goldmeadow Lookout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imperial Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lucent Liminid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lumithread Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lymph Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oriss, Samite Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patrician's Scorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ramosian Revivalist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Augur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudseeder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infiltrator il-Kor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leaden Fists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maelstrom Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magus of the Future
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Speculation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality Strobe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unblinking Bleb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venser's Diffusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcanum Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blind Phantasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bonded Fetch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Linessa, Zephyr Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mesmeric Sliver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Second Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shapeshifter's Marrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellweaver Volute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Aethermage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whip-Spine Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Augur of Skulls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cutthroat il-Dal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festering March
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gibbering Descent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost Hours
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minions' Murmurs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nihilith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oblivion Crown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pooling Venom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Putrid Cyclops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirk Ridge Exhumer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stronghold Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bitter Ordeal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleshwrither
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Scrabbler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mass of Ghouls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snake Cult Initiation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Witch's Mist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arc Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bogardan Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Char-Rumbler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fatal Attraction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haze of Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pact of the Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge of Kher Ridges
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shivan Sand-Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sparkspitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emblem of the Warmind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fomori Nomad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Henchfiend of Ukor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shah of Naar Isle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skizzik Surger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tarox Bladewing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderblade Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclical Evolution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Force of Savagery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartwood Storyteller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Augur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Petrified Plating
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravaging Riftwurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sprout Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Utopia Mycon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baru, Fist of Krosa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Centaur Omenreader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Muraganda Petroglyphs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nacatl War-Pride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phosphorescent Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quagnoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellwild Ouphe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glittering Wish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sliver Legion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud Key
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sliversmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soultether Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sword of the Meek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veilstone Amulet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Garrison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whetwheel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ugin, the Spirit Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Summons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Write into Being
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sultai Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fierce Invocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arashin War Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Formless Nurturing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hewed Stone Retainers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ugin's Construct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Advantage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Runemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Skycaptain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arashin Cleric
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Skirmisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Channel Harm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Great-Horn Krushok
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honor's Reward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeskai Barricade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lotus-Eye Mystics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Woe-Reaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monastery Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage's Reverie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandsteppe Outcast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valorous Stance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wandering Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wardscale Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Surveyor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enhanced Awareness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fascination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeskai Runemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeskai Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lotus Path Djinn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marang River Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindscour Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mistfire Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neutralizing Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakshasa's Disdain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Refocus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renowned Weaponsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rite of Undoing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shifting Loyalties
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sultai Skullkeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Trespass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whisk Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Will of the Naga
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alesha's Vanguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancestral Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Deal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diplomacy of the Wastes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fearsome Awakening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gurmag Angler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hooded Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merciless Executioner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orc Sureshot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Qarsi High Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reach of Shadows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sibsig Host
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sibsig Muckdraggers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sultai Runemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tasigur's Cruelty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bathe in Dragonfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodfire Enforcers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Break Through the Line
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collateral Damage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiant Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonrage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Friendly Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Heelcutter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gore Swine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hungering Yeti
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Shrieker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Runemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mardu Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mob Rule
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rageform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shockmaw Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smoldering Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temur Battle Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vaultbreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Slash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abzan Kin-Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ainok Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambush Krotiq
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archers of Qarsi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlefront Krushok
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cached Defenses
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Destructor Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Krushok
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frontier Mastodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fruit of the First Tree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Map the Wastes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Return to the Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruthless Instincts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sudden Reclamation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temur Runemark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whisperer of the Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whisperwood Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winds of Qal Sisma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cunning Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethereal Ambush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Contest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harsh Sustenance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Flare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Boom Keg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pilgrim of the Fires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scroll of the Masters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balm of Restoration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conch Horn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delif's Cone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Delif's Cube
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Draconian Cylix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Implements of Sacrifice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zelyon Sword
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Initiates of the Ebon Hand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrull Wizard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tourach's Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tourach's Gate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homarid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homarid Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homarid Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merseine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Svyelunite Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Flats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Influence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vodalian Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vodalian Soldiers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vodalian War Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elven Fortress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thelon's Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thelon's Curse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thelonite Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Armorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Lieutenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Flotilla
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Kites
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raiding Party
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farrelite Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heroism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Infantry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Moneychanger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Skirmishers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bottomless Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Hold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hollow Trees
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icatian Store
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sand Silos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Allay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Convalescence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/High Ground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of the Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Limited Resources
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Lieges
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peace of Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Penance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reaping the Rewards
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reconnaissance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield Mate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soltari Visionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasure Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Nets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Welkin Hawk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zealots en-Dal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Tide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cunning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dominating Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Equilibrium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ertai, Wizard Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fade Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of the Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Breach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Over Matter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirozel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Scholars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Robe of Mirrors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootwater Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/School of Piranha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treasure Trove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whiptongue Frog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cat Burglar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Culling the Weak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dauthi Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entropic Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grollub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hatred
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Maggots
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Ghouls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pit Spawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plaguebearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scare Tactics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slaughter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Cannibal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volrath's Dungeon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cinder Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dizzying Gaze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fighting Chance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Flood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of the Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogg Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Mages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Onslaught
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paroxysm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Baboons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scalding Salamander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seismic Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shattering Pulse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sonic Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avenging Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bequeathal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elven Palisade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jackalope Herd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of the Beasts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plated Rootwalla
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predatory Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pygmy Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rabid Wolverines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resuscitate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootwater Alligator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyshroud War Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Song of Serenity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Rogue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spike Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Medicine Bag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memory Crystal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Null Brooch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Transmogrifying Licid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Workhorse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ballynock Trapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endless Horizons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Spellduster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kithkin Zealot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Light from Within
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loyal Gyrfalcon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patrol Signaler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Springjack Shepherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suture Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banishing Knack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dream Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glamerdye
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Idle Thoughts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indigo Faerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inundate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merrow Levitator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razorfin Abolisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanity Grinding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talonrend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wilderness Hypnotist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashling, the Extinguisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Creakwood Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crumbling Ashes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lingering Tormentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merrow Bonegnawer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Needle Specter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightmare Incursion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smoldering Butcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Reap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Snuffers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talara's Bane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Umbra Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaotic Backlash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duergar Cave-Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiery Bombardment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hatchet Bully
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hateflayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartlash Cinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hotheaded Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impelled Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Outrage Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puncture Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rekindled Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stigma Lasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unwilling Recruit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerie Ouphes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloom Tender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helix Pinnacle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marshdrinker Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monstrify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primalcrux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Conception
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swirling Spriggan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tilling Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twinblade Slasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodied Ghost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cauldron Haze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathbringer Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Edge of the Divinity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evershrike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harvest Gwyllion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightsky Mimic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nip Gwyllion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyrrhic Revival
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stillmoon Cavalier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voracious Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clout of the Dominus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crackleburr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crag Puca
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inside Out
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindwrack Liege
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Sheen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noggle Bandit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noggle Bridgebreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noggle Hedge-Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riverfall Mimic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stream Hopper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unnerving Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canker Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cankerous Thirst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deity of Scars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drain the Well
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift of the Deity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hag Hedge-Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noxious Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Odious Trow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quillspike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rendclaw Trow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sapling of Colfenor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalker Hag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodlurker Mimic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Belligerent Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duergar Assailant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Duergar Mine-Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire at Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hobgoblin Dragoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonhold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rise of the Hobgoblins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge of the Nobilis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waves of Aggression
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fable of Wolf and Owl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Favor of the Overbeing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gilder Bairn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grazing Kelpie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Groundling Pouncer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invert the Skies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shorecrasher Mimic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slippery Bogle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sturdy Hatchling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trapjaw Kelpie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Altar Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Antler Skulkin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fang Skulkin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hoof Skulkin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jawbone Skulkin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leering Emblem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarecrone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shell Skulkin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ward of Bones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abundant Maw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decimator of the Provinces
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Distended Mindbender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drownyard Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elder Deep-Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emrakul, the Promised End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eternal Scourge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/It of the Horrid Swarm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lashweed Lurker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mockery of Nature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vexing Scuttler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wretched Gryff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessed Alliance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borrowed Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Choking Restraints
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collective Effort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Courageous Outrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawn Gryff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deploy the Gatewatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desperate Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drogskol Shieldmate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extricator of Sin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Extricator of Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faith Unbroken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faithbearer Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiend Binder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geist of the Lonely Vigil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Give No Ground
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian of Pilgrims
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironclad Slayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironwright's Cleansing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lone Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/It That Rides as One
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Long Road Home
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Providence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repel the Abominable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctifier of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selfless Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigarda's Aid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigardian Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Reserves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steadfast Cathar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Subjugator Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalia, Heretic Cathar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thalia's Lancers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraben Standard Bearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Advanced Stitchwing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chilling Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coax from the Blind Eternities
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contingency Plan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curious Homunculus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voracious Reader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Displace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Docent of Perfection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Final Iteration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enlightened Maniac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exultant Cultist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fogwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortune's Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geist of the Archives
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grizzled Angler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grisly Anglerfish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Identity Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imprisoned in the Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ingenious Skaab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Laboratory Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lunar Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mausoleum Wanderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind's Dilation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nebelgast Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Niblis of Frost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scour the Laboratory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spontaneous Mutation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summary Dismissal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Take Inventory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tattered Haunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unsubstantiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wharf Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boon of Emrakul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borrowed Malevolence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cemetery Recruitment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collective Brutality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptbreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Salvation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dusk Feaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gavony Unhallowed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graf Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graf Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chittering Host
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunted Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana, the Last Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana's Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Markov Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Scavengers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noosegraf Mob
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Liliana
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Olivia's Dragoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prying Questions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruthless Disposal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirsdag Supplicant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strange Augmentation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stromkirk Condemned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Succumb to Temptation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraben Foulbloods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tree of Perdition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampire Cutthroat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voldaren Pariah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abolisher of Bloodlines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wailing Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weirded Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whispers of Emrakul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abandon Reason
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alchemist's Greeting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assembled Alphas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bedlam Reveler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Mist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bold Impaler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Borrowed Hostility
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brazen Wolves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collective Defiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conduit of Storms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conduit of Emrakul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deranged Whelp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Distemper of the Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furyblade Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galvanic Bombardment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hanweir Garrison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hanweir, the Writhing Township
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harmless Offering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impetuous Devils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incendiary Flow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insatiable Gorgers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Make Mischief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirrorwing Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nahiri's Wrath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Otherworldly Outburst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prophetic Ravings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Alliance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shreds of Sanity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smoldering Werewolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erupting Dreadwolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spreading Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stensia Banquet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stensia Innkeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stromkirk Occultist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thermo-Alchemist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vildin-Pack Outcast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dronepack Kindred
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weaver of Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Backwoods Survivalists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodbriar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clear Shot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crop Sigil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crossroads Consecrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldritch Evolution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emrakul's Evangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emrakul's Influence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foul Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnarlwood Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grapple with the Past
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ishkanah, Grafwidow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kessig Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sinuous Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noose Constrictor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Permeating Mass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrill Howler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howling Chorus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Somberwald Stag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit of the Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Splendid Reclamation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Springsage Ritual
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swift Spinner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangleclaw Werewolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fibrous Entangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulvenwald Captive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulvenwald Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulvenwald Observer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waxing Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolfkin Bond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodcutter's Grit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodland Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodhall Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Campaign of Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gisa and Geralf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Flayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heron's Grace Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mercurial Geists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mournwillow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Queller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tamiyo, Field Researcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulrich of the Krallenhorde
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulrich, Uncontested Alpha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cathar's Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptolith Fragment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aurora of Emrakul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cultist's Staff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Field Creeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geist-Fueled Scarecrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lupine Prototype
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slayer's Cleaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Separator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stitcher's Graft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thirsting Axe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geier Reach Sanitarium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hanweir Battlements
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nephalia Academy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artful Maneuver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Sunstriker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Tactician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Center Soul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion of Arashin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon's Eye Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromoka Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromoka Dunecaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromoka Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echoes of the Kin Tree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enduring Victory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fate Forgotten
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glaring Aegis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gleam of Authority
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graceblade Artisan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of Dromoka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misthoof Kirin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ojutai Exemplars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Profound Journey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Radiant Purge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resupply
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandcrafter Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandstorm Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scale Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secure the Wastes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shieldhide Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silkwrap
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strongarm Monk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surge of Righteousness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Territorial Roc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancient Carp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Belltoll Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Contradict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dance of the Skywise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dirgur Nemesis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonlord's Prerogative
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Encase in Ice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glint
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gudul Lurker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gurmag Drowner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusory Gains
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Learn from the Past
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Mockery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monastery Loremaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Meditation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ojutai Interceptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ojutai's Summons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Palace Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Qarsi Deceiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reduce in Stature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shorecrasher Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sidisi's Faithful
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sight Beyond Sight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silumgar Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silumgar Spell-Eater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silumgar's Scorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taigam's Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Updraft Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Void Squall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Youthful Scholar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zephyr Scribe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acid-Spewer Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ambuscade Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood-Chin Rager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corpseweft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadly Wanderings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defeat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dutiful Attendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flatten
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foul Renewal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foul-Tongue Shriek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravepurge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hand of Silumgar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedonist's Trove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kolaghan Skirmisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marang River Skeleton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Hulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minister of Pain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Qarsi Sadist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakshasa Gravecaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Imp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Risen Executioner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Self-Inflicted Wound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sibsig Icebreakers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silumgar Butcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ukud Cobra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Virulent Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulturous Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wandering Tombshell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atarka Efreet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atarka Pummeler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Berserkers' Onslaught
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commune with Lava
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Descent of the Dragons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Whisperer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hardened Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impact Tremors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kolaghan Aspirant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kolaghan Forerunners
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kolaghan Stormsinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Berserker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lose Calm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Qal Sisma Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rending Volley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sabertooth Outrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sarkhan's Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sarkhan's Triumph
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screamreach Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seismic Rupture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sprinting Warbrute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormcrag Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormwing Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tail Slash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vandalize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Rush
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warbringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerie Bowmasters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ainok Artillerist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atarka Beastbreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Elders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Collected Company
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colossodon Yearling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conifer Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathmist Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Display of Dominance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon-Scarred Bear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromoka's Gift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glade Watcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian Shield-Bearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herdchaser Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurking Arynx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obscuring Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pinion Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revealing Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salt Road Ambushers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salt Road Quartermasters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandsteppe Scavenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Segmented Krotiq
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Servant of the Scale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shaman of Forgotten Ways
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shape the Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sheltered Aerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sight of the Scalelords
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stampeding Elk Herd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunbringer's Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tread Upon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cunning Breezedancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Narset Transcendent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruthless Deathfang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sarkhan Unbroken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swift Warkite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ancestral Statue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Atarka Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Custodian of the Trove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dromoka Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gate Smasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of the Lens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ojutai Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silumgar Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormrider Rig
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tapestry of the Ages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vial of Dragonfire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Glaivemaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echoing Calm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emissary of Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hallow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metal Fatigue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pteron Ghost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulse of the Fields
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Purge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ritual of Restoration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulscour
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steelshaper Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turn the Tables
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carry Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chromescale Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hoverguard Observer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last Word
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Machinate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magnetic Flux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neurok Prodigy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neurok Transmuter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Overload
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulse of the Grid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksilver Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reshape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retract
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Second Sight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Synod Artificer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burden of Greed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chittering Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echoing Decay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emissary of Despair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Harvester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grimclaw Bats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunger of the Nim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mephitic Ooze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murderous Spoils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nim Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulse of the Dross
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scavenging Scarab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screams from Within
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrounge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shriveling Rot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barbed Lightning
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crazed Goblin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dismantle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drooling Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Echoing Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flamebreak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Furnace Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Archaeologist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krark-Clan Stoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulse of the Forge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Beating
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tears of Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unforge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vulshok War Boar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fangren Firstborn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infested Roothold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karstoderm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nourish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pulse of the Tangle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reap and Sow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rebuking Ceremony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roaring Slagwurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stand Together
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangle Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tanglewalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tel-Jilad Outrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tel-Jilad Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Acolyte
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcane Spyglass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Bruiser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Hybrid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Lancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Overseer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcbound Reclaimer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Siege Sled
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chimeric Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coretapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Pendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darksteel Reactor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death-Mask Duplicant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drill-Skimmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dross Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eater of Days
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gemini Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genesis Chamber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geth's Grimoire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartseeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Bola
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lich's Tomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mycosynth Lattice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Landshaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Matrix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Moonvessel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nemesis Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Panoptic Mirror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razor Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawning Pit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Specter's Shroud
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spellbinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spincrusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surestrike Trident
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talon of Pain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangle Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Dissector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voltaic Construct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wand of the Elements
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wirefly Hive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fountain of Youth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Armor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necropolis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reflecting Mirror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runesword
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skull of Orm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Standing Stones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tower of Coireall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wand of Ith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse Artifact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frankenstein's Monster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Robbers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inquisition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Gas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nameless Race
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rag Man
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Season of the Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Word of Binding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Worms of the Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deep Water
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Electric Eel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erosion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Shark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Bomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Allergy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riptide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangle Kelp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Water Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Path
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Land Leeches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lurker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Viper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Niall Silvain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/People of the Woods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savaen Elves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarwood Hag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whippoorwill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cave People
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eternal Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Digging Team
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Rock Sled
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inferno
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Clash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sisters of the Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood of the Martyr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brainwash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cleansing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fasting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festival
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fire and Brimstone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Miracle Worker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pikemen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marsh Goblins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarwood Goblins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Spears
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elvish Bard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guerrilla Tactics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archangel's Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bar the Door
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Break of Day
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burden of Guilt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Exhaustion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elgaud Inquisitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faith's Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gavony Ironwright
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loyal Cathar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unhallowed Cathar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Niblis of the Mist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Niblis of the Urn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctuary Cat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverclaw Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skillful Lunge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sudden Disappearance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thraben Doomsayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artful Dodge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beguiler of Wills
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call to the Kindred
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chant of the Skifsang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chill of Foreboding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Counterlash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Echoes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geralf's Mindcrusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Headless Skaab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Increasing Confusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Niblis of the Breath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saving Grasp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secrets of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Seizer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghastly Haunting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormbound Geist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chosen of Markov
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Markov's Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Misfortunes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadly Allure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Death's Caress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Falkenrath Torturer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fiend of the Shadows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geralf's Messenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruesome Discovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harrowing Journey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Highborn Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Increasing Ambition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mikaeus, the Unhallowed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reap the Seagraf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sightless Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skirsdag Flayer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiteful Shadows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undying Evil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vengeful Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Afflicted Deserter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Werewolf Ransacker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alpha Brawl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Feud
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burning Oil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curse of Bloodletting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Erdwal Ripper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fires of Undeath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flayer of the Hatebound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hinterland Scourge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hinterland Hermit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Increasing Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Markov Blademaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Markov Warlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonveil Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyreheart Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Russet Wolves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scorch the Fields
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shattered Perception
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Talons of Falkenrath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrack with Madness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clinging Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawntreader Elk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deranged Outcast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Favor of the Woods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feed the Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghoultree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gravetiller Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hollowhenge Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kessig Recluse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverpelt Werewolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lambholt Elder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lost in the Woods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predator Ooze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonscarred Werewolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scorned Villager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Somberwald Dryad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tracker's Instincts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulvenwald Bear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Village Survivors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vorapede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolfbitten Captive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krallenhorde Killer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Young Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drogskol Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drogskol Reaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immerwolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Altar of the Lost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avacyn's Collar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chalice of Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chalice of Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Executioner's Hood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heavy Mattock
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warden of the Wall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolfhunter's Quiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aurora Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beacon Hawk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessing of the Nephilim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brace for Impact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian of the Guildpact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haazda Exonerator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haazda Shield Mate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Proclamation of Rebirth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Proper Burial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulsworn Jury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steeling Stance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stoic Ephemera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cytoplast Manipulator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enigma Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Govern the Guildless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ocular Halo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Possession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silkwing Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidespout Tyrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Writ of Passage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bond of Agony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brain Pry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drekavac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enemy of the Guildpact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Entropic Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infernal Tutor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nettling Curse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightcreep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nihilistic Glee
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ragamuffyn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slaughterhouse Bouncer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slithering Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unliving Psychopath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vesper Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cackling Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame-Kin War Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnat Alley Creeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ignorant Bliss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kill-Suit Cultist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kindle the Carnage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Gatecrasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychotic Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandstorm Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squealing Devil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormscale Anarch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taste for Mayhem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Utvara Scalper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War's Toll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weight of Spires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whiptail Moloch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cytospawn Shambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elemental Resonance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fertile Imagination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flash Foliage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Might of the Nephilim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Basilisk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Ragworm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sporeback Troll
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sprouting Phytohydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stomp and Howl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Street Savvy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anthem of Rakdos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Assault Zeppelid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Aethermage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius First-Wing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Ploy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cytoshape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Slag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Experiment Kraj
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gobhobbler Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hellhole Rats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isperia the Inscrutable
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jagged Poppet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lyzolda, the Blood Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Omnibian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pain Magnification
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Palliation Accord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plumes of Peace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pride of the Clouds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rain of Gore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Augermage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Ickspitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos the Defiler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sky Hussar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swift Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twinstrike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigean Hydropon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigean Intuition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dovescape
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minister of Impediments
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riot Spikes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shielding Plax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Guildmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bound
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Determined
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crime
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Punishment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Run
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Odds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ends
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Research
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Development
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Supply
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bronze Bombshell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evolution Vat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magewright's Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Muse Vessel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Riteknife
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skullmead Cauldron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Transguild Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walking Archive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pillar of the Paruns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prahv, Spires of Order
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rix Maadi, Dungeon Palace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Mastiff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haazda Snare Squad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lyev Decree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maze Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renounce the Guilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riot Control
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scion of Vitu-Ghazi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steeple Roc
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunspire Gatekeepers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Strings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maze Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindstatic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murmuring Phantasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal Lake Gatekeepers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Runner's Bane
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trait Doctoring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uncovered Clues
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bane Alley Blackguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Scrivener
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypt Incursion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fatal Fumes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hired Torturer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maze Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sinister Possession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ubul Sar Gatekeepers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awe for the Guilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maze Rusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Possibility Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Punish the Enemy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riot Piker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Smelt-Ward Gatekeepers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weapon Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battering Krasis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kraul Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maze Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mending Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mutant's Prey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phytoburst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Krasis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Saruli Gatekeepers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skylasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrashing Mossdog
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armored Wolf-Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beetleform Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blast of Genius
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blaze Commando
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boros Battleshaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Council of the Absolute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadbridge Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Debt to the Deathless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragonshift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drown in Filth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emmara Tandris
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exava, Rakdos Blood Witch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fluxcharger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gleam of Battle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Test Pilot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunter of Nightveil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jelenn Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Korozda Gorgon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krasis Incubation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lavinia of the Tenth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Legion's Initiative
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Master of Cruelties
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maw of the Obzedat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirko Vosk, Mind Drinker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morgue Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obzedat's Aid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ral Zarek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reap Intellect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restore the Peace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rot Farm Skeleton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scab-Clan Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Showstopper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sire of Insanity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Species Gorger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tajic, Blade of the Legion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Varolz, the Scar-Striped
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Firstblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warped Physique
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woodlot Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zhur-Taa Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alive
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Well
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dangerous
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beck
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Catch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Release
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Down
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dirty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Far
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Give
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Take
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Profit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loss
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Protect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ready
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Willing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trouble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azorius Cluestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dimir Cluestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgari Cluestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gruul Cluestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Izzet Cluestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakdos Cluestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Selesnya Cluestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simic Cluestone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Pride
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Casting of Bones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insidious Bookworms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boreal Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cover of Winter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Field Marshal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gelid Shackles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glacial Plating
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jötun Owl Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Javelineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Outrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran War Cry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Luminesce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyr of Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ronom Unicorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squall Drifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sun's Bounty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunscour
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surging Sentinels
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swift Maneuver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ursine Fylgja
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wall of Shards
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/White Shield Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Woolly Razorback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adarkar Windform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arcum Dagsson
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Frostwaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commandeer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Controvert
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drelnoch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frost Raptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heidar, Rimewind Master
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jokulmorder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krovikan Whispers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rimefeather Owl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rimewind Cryomancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rimewind Taskmage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ronom Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rune Snag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surging Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Survivor of the Unseen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thermal Flux
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vexing Sphinx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Fallen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chill to the Bone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chilling Shade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disciple of Tevesh Szat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feast of Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garza's Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gristle Grinner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gutless Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haakon, Stromgald Scourge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of Leshrac
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krovikan Rot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krovikan Scoundrel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyr of Bones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phobian Phantasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Etchings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rime Transfusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rimebound Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Spike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stromgald Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surging Dementia
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tresserhorn Skyknight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Void Maw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Musher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian Warlord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Braid of Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryoclasm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthen Goo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Furrier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Rimerunner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Icefall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karplusan Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karplusan Wolverine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magmatic Core
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyr of Ashes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ohran Yeti
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orcish Bloodpainter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rimescale Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rite of Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skred
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stalking Yeti
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thermopod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arctic Nishoba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aurochs Herd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boreal Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boreal Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bull Aurochs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Freyalise's Radiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frostweb Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hibernation's End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Into the North
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyr of Spores
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Melting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Panglacial Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resize
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rimehorn Aurochs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ronom Hulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shape of the Wiitigo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sheltering Ancient
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Simian Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sound the Call
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steam Spitter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surging Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diamond Faerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Garza Zol, Plague Queen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tamanoa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jester's Scepter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Ironfoot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Snowcrusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Soulgorger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thrumming Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arctic Flats
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boreal Shelf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frost Marsh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Highland Weald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mouth of Ronom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrying Sheets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tresserhorn Sinks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sultai Ascendacy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fated Intervention
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Asha's Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Trailblazer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Darklit Gargoyle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lapse of Certainty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mark of Asylum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror-Sigil Sergeant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paragon of the Amesha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhox Meditant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scepter of Dominance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valiant Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Constricting Tendrils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Controlled Instincts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cumber Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frontline Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Parasitic Strix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scepter of Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scornful Aether-Lich
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Telemin Performance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/View from Above
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Corrupted Roots
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreadwing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleshformer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kederekt Parasite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nyxathid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pestilent Kathari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salvage Slasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scepter of Fugue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sedraxis Alchemist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voices from the Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wretched Banquet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodhall Ooze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Temper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kranioceros
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Frame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quenchable Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakka Mar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toxic Iguanar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wandering Goblins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beacon Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cliffrunner Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cylian Sunsinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Filigree Fracture
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Might of Alara
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nacatl Savage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Paleoloth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacellum Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scattershot Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shard Convergence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spore Burst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thornling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Leotau
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Esper Cormorants
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exploding Borders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giltspire Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Outlander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhessian Balmgiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knotvine Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maelstrom Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meglonoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nacatl Outlander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhox Bodyguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suicidal Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vagrant Plowbeasts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valeron Outlander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vectis Agents
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Outlander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Outlander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Font of Mythos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaleidostone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manaforce Mace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unstable Frontier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jeweled Bird
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fishliver Oil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yawgmoth Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metamorphosis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abu Ja'far
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Artisans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Repentant Blacksmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/War Elephant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessed Breath
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bushi Tenderfoot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kenzo the Hardhearted
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call to Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Candles' Glow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cleanfall
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devoted Retainer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ethereal Haze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harsh Deceiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horizon Seed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hundred-Talon Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indomitable Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Innocence Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isamaru, Hound of Konda
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kabuto Moth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of Old Stone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of the Painted Road
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of the Palace Fields
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitsune Blademaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitsune Diviner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitsune Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitsune Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Autumn-Tail, Kitsune Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitsune Riftwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Konda, Lord of Eiganjo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Konda's Hatamoto
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lantern Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Masako the Humorless
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mothrider Samurai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myojin of Cleansing Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nagao, Bound by Honor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pious Kitsune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quiet Purity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samurai Enforcers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samurai of the Pale Curtain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sensei Golden-Tail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent-Chant Zubera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Takeno, Samurai General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terashi's Cry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vassal's Duty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigilance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura of Dominion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Callous Deceiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consuming Vortex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Counsel of the Soratami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cut the Tethers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eerie Procession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye of Nowhere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Field of Reality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Floating-Dream Zubera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graceful Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guardian of Solitude
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hisoka, Minamo Sensei
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hisoka's Defiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hisoka's Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jushi Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tomoya the Revealer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of Twisted Reflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifted by Clouds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myojin of Seeing Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Restraints
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Part the Veil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Puppetry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reweave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Kaijin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sire of the Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soratami Cloudskater
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soratami Mirror-Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soratami Mirror-Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soratami Rainshaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soratami Savant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soratami Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squelch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Student of Elements
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tobita, Master of Winds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swirl the Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teller of Tales
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtbind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Stop
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wandering Ones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashen-Skin Zubera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Speaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodthirsty Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cranial Extraction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Deceiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cursed Ronin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dance of Shadows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathcurse Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gibbering Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gutwrencher Oni
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/He Who Hungers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hideous Laughter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horobi, Death's Wail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iname, Death Aspect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of Lunacy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of the Waning Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiku, Night's Flower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marrow-Gnawer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Covenant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myojin of Night's Reach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nezumi Bone-Reader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nezumi Ronin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nezumi Shortfang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stabwhisker the Odious
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Night Dealings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Numai Outcast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Painwracker Oni
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pull Under
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rag Dealer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ragged Veins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rend Flesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rend Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seizan, Perverter of Truth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulless Revival
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Struggle for Sanity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swallowing Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Villainous Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wicked Akuba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akki Avalanchers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akki Lavarunner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tok-Tok, Volcano Born
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akki Rockspeaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akki Underminer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle-Mad Ronin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ben-Ben, Akki Hermit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blind with Anger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brothers Yamazaki
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brutal Deceiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crushing Pain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devouring Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthshaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ember-Fist Zubera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frostwielder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hanabi Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hearth Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Initiate of Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goka the Unjust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of Fire's Roar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kumano, Master Yamabushi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kumano's Pupils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mana Seism
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindblaze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myojin of Infinite Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ore Gorger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pain Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ronin Houndmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimatsu the Bloodcloaked
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sideswipe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sokenzan Bruiser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul of Magma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulblast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strange Inversion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tide of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unearthly Blizzard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unnatural Speed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yamabushi's Flame
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yamabushi's Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Budoka Gardener
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dokai, Weaver of Life
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burr Grafter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dosan the Falling Leaf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dripping-Tongue Zubera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feast of Worms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feral Deceiver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gale Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimpse of Nature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heartbeat of Spring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Humble Budoka
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iname, Life Aspect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joyous Respite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jukai Messenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of the Hunt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kashi-Tribe Reaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kashi-Tribe Warriors
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kodama of the North Tree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kodama of the South Tree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kodama's Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Matsu-Tribe Decoy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moss Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myojin of Life's Web
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Will
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orbweaver Kumo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Order of the Sacred Bell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orochi Eggwatcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shidako, Broodmistress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orochi Leafcaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orochi Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orochi Sustainer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rootrunner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sachi, Daughter of Seshiro
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serpent Skin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seshiro the Anointed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shisato, Whispering Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soilshaper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sosuke, Son of Seshiro
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strength of Cedars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thousand-legged Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time of Need
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Venerable Kumo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vine Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wear Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/General's Kabuto
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hair-Strung Koto
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hankyu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honor-Worn Shaku
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Imi Statue
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jade Idol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Junkyo Bell
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Konda's Banner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kusari-Gama
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonring Mirror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nine-Ringed Bo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/No-Dachi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oathkeeper, Takeno's Daisho
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shell of the Last Kappa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tatsumasa, the Dragon's Fang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tenza, Godo's Maul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uba Mask
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudcrest Lake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eiganjo Castle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hall of the Bandit Lord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lantern-Lit Graveyard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minamo, School at Water's Edge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Okina, Temple to the Grandfathers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pinecrest Ridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shinka, the Bloodsoaked Keep
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shizo, Death's Storehouse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tranquil Garden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Untaidake, the Cloud Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waterveil Cavern
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Day of Destiny
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Empty-Shrine Kannushi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faithful Squire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaiso, Memory of Loyalty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Final Judgment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genju of the Fields
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heart of Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hokori, Dust Drinker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hundred-Talon Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indebted Samurai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of False Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of Tattered Shoji
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kami of the Honored Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kentaro, the Smiling Cat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitsune Palliator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mending Hands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opal-Eye, Konda's Yojimbo
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oyobi, Who Split the Heavens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patron of the Kitsune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shining Shoal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silverstorm Samurai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Split-Tail Miko
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Takeno's Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tallowisp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Terashi's Verdict
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ward of Piety
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yomiji, Who Bars the Way
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Callow Jushi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jaraku the Interloper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chisei, Heart of Oceans
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disrupting Shoal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Floodbringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heed the Mists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kaijin of the Vanishing Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minamo's Meddling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patron of the Moon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quillmane Baku
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reduce to Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ribbons of the Reikai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimmering Glasskite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soratami Mindsweeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stream of Consciousness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sway of the Stars
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Teardrop Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toils of Night and Day
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tomorrow, Azami's Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veil of Secrecy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bile Urchin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessing of Leeches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call for Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crawling Filth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goryo's Vengeance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hero's Demise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hired Muscle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarmaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kyoki, Sanity's Eclipse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mark of the Oni
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nezumi Shadow-Watcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Marauder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Psychic Spear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pus Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge of Numai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shirei, Shizo's Caretaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sickening Shoal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skullmane Baku
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stir the Grave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Takenuma Bleeder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Three Tragedies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Toshiro Umezawa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yukora, the Prisoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akki Blizzard-Herder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akki Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashen Monstrosity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aura Barbs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blademane Baku
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazing Shoal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clash of Realities
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crack the Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cunning Bandit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Azamuki, Treachery Incarnate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/First Volley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frost Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frostling
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/In the Web of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ire of Kaminari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ishi-Ishi, Akki Crackshot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kumano's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mannichi, the Fevered Dream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ogre Recluse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overblaze
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patron of the Akki
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ronin Cliffrider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shinka Gatekeeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Twist Allegiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Body of Jukai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Child of Thorns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enshrined Memories
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forked-Branch Garami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gnarled Mass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harbinger of Spring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Isao, Enlightened Bushi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kodama of the Center Tree
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifegift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifespinner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loam Dweller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mark of Sakiko
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Matsu-Tribe Sniper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nourishing Shoal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Patron of the Orochi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Petalmane Baku
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roar of Jukai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sakiko, Mother of Summer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sakura-Tribe Springcaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scaled Hulk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shizuko, Caller of Autumn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sosuke's Summons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Traproot Kami
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unchecked Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uproot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vital Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Genju of the Realm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baku Altar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinding Powder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mirror Gallery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neko-Te
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Orb of Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ornate Kanzashi
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ronin Warclub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shuko
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shuriken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slumbering Tora
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/That Which Was Taken
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gods' Eye, Gate to the Reikai
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tendo Ice Bridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Acolyte's Reward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroan Phalanx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroan Skyguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archetype of Courage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brimaz, King of Oreskos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eidolon of Countless Battles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elite Skirmisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ephara's Radiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fated Retribution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glimpse the Sun God
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/God-Favored General
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Great Hart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Griffin Dreamfinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hero of Iroas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hold at Bay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loyal Pegasus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nyxborn Shieldmate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oreskos Sun Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ornitharch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plea for Guidance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit of the Labyrinth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunbond
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vanguard of Brimaz
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerie Worshippers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archetype of Imagination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chorus of the Tides
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crypsis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deepwater Hypnotist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Evanescent Intellect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fated Infatuation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flitterstep Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Floodtide Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kraken of the Straits
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Meletis Astronomer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindreaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nullify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nyxborn Triton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oracle's Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perplexing Chimera
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siren of the Fanged Coast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx's Disciple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sudden Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thassa's Rebuff
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vortex Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archetype of Finality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashiok's Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Asphyxiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Black Oak of Odunos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Claim of Erebos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drown in Sorrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eye Gouge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fated Return
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Felhide Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forlorn Pseudamma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forsaken Drifters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grisly Transformation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of Torment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marshmist Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nyxborn Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Odunos River Trawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanguimancy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Servant of Tymaret
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shrike Harpy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spiteful Returned
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warchanter of Mogis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akroan Conscriptor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archetype of Aggression
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bolt of Keranos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cyclops of One-Eyed Pass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Epiphany Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Everflame Eidolon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fearsome Temper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Felhide Spiritbinder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flame-Wreathed Phoenix
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Impetuous Sunchaser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kragma Butcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Volley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nyxborn Rollicker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oracle of Bones
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pharagax Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pinnacle of Rage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Reveler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rise to the Challenge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Satyr Firedancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Satyr Nyx-Smith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scouring Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searing Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormcaller of Keranos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunder Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thunderous Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archetype of Endurance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aspect of Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Charging Badger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Culling Mark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graverobber Spider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hero of Leina Tower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karametra's Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mischief and Mayhem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortal's Resolve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nessian Demolok
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nyxborn Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peregrination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pheres-Band Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pheres-Band Tromper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raised by Wolves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourge of Skola Vale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Setessan Oathsworn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Setessan Starbreaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyreaping
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snake of the Golden Grove
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swordwise Centaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unravel the Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chromanticore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ephara, God of the Polis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ephara's Enlightenment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karametra, God of Harvests
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mogis, God of Slaughter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phenax, God of Deception
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ragemonger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reap What Is Sown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siren of the Silent Song
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Xenagos, God of Revels
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorgon's Head
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heroes' Podium
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pillar of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siren Song Lyre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Enlightenment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Malice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temple of Plenty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bane of Bala Ged
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Breaker of Armies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deathless Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Devastator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kozilek's Channeler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruin Processor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scour from Existence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Titan's Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulamog's Despoiler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Renewal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Gift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cliffside Lookout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Courier Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Encircling Fissure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Expedition Envoy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Felidar Cub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fortified Rampart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostly Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon's Reproach
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kitesail Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Bladewhirl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Castigator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kor Entanglers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lithomancer's Focus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Makindi Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ondu Greathorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ondu Rising
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retreat to Emeria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roil's Retribution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Serene Steward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadow Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone Haven Medic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tandem Tactics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unified Front
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Adverse Conditions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benthic Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptic Cruiser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eldrazi Skyspawner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horribly Awry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incubator Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mist Intruder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murk Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oracle of Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruination Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salvage Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Shrivel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tide Drifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulamog's Reclaimer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brilliant Spectrum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloud Manta
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clutch of Currents
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coastal Discovery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dampening Pulse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Halimar Tidecaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retreat to Coralhelm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roilmage's Trick
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rush of Ice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tightening Coils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wave-Wing Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windrider Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Complete Disregard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Culling Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Birthing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grip of Desolation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Raker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silent Skimmer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skitterskin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sludge Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swarm Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Transgress the Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geyserfield Stalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hagra Sharpshooter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalastria Healer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kalastria Nightwatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malakir Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mire's Malice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nirkana Assassin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retreat to Hagra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rising Miasma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vampiric Rites
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Voracious Null
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crumble to Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kozilek's Sentinel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Molten Nursery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nettle Drone
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Processor Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Touch of the Void
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Turn Against
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vestige of Emrakul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vile Aggregate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akoum Stonewaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Belligerent Whiptail
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Boiling Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chasm Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firemantle Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lavastep Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Makindi Sliderunner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ondu Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Outnumber
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Cohort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retreat to Valakut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shatterskull Recruit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonefury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tunneling Geopede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valakut Invoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Valakut Predator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Upheaval
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blisterpod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brood Monitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call the Scions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eyeless Watcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unnatural Aggression
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Void Attendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Broodhunter Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earthen Arms
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infuse with the Elements
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifespring Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Murasa Ranger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plated Crusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reclaiming Vines
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rot Shambler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seek the Wilds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snapping Gnarlid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swell of Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tajuru Beastmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tajuru Stalwart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tajuru Warcaller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Catacomb Sifter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of Kozilek
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ulamog's Nullifier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drana's Emissary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grove Rumbler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grovetender Druids
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resolute Blademaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roil Spout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyrider Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hedron Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pathway Arrows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slab Hammer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blighted Steppe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Looming Spires
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mortuary Mire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandstone Bridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyline Cascade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spawning Bed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Jubilation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Builder's Blessing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call to Serve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commander's Authority
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cursebreak
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defang
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defy Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devout Chaplain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Deflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Farbog Explorer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goldnight Commander
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of War
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Holy Justiciar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leap of Faith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Duelist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midvast Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moonlight Geist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nearheath Pilgrim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riders of Gavony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Righteous Blow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seraph of Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alchemist's Apprentice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Elgaud Shieldmate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fettergeist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galvanic Alchemist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geist Snatch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostform
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghostly Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Havengul Skaab
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lunar Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mass Appeal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misthollow Griffin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Outwit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rotcrown Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Second Guess
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Prison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spirit Away
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stern Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tamiyo, the Moon Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vanishment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodflow Connoisseur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Rising
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Taskmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonlord of Ashmouth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Descent into Madness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Slaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Essence Harvest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exquisite Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghoulflesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gloom Surgeon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Exchange
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Homicidal Seclusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hunted Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maalfeld Twins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mental Agony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Polluted Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predator's Gambit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Searchlight Geist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulcage Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Treacherous Pit-Dweller
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triumph of Cruelty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undead Executioner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aggravate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archwing Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banners Raised
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle Hymn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Burn at the Stake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dangerous Wager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dual Casting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Falkenrath Exterminator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guise of Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heirs of Stromkirk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hound of Griselbrand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kessig Malcontents
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Mauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Prowess
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malicious Intent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Malignus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raging Poltergeist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riot Ringleader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rite of Ruin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rush of Blood
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scalding Devil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stonewright
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thatcher Revolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tyrant of Discord
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uncanny Speed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vexing Devil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vigilante Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blessings of Nature
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bower Passage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Descendants' Path
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diregraf Escort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Druid's Familiar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Druids' Repository
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eaten by Spiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowering Lumberknot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Geist Trappers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grounded
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Howlgeist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joint Assault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lair Delve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nettle Swine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nightshade Peddler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pathbreaker Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Primal Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Revenge of the Hunted
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sheltering Word
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Snare the Skies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Somberwald Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Triumph of Ferocity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trusted Forcemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vorstclaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wandering Wolf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Defiance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildwood Geist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolfir Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wolfir Silverheart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yew Spirit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bruna, Light of Alabaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigarda, Host of Herons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelic Armaments
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bladed Bracers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gallows at Willow Hill
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunted Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Narstad Scrapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Otherworld Atlas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scroll of Avacyn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scroll of Griselbrand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tormentor's Trident
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vanguard's Shield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vessel of Endless Rest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alchemist's Refuge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desolate Lighthouse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slayers' Stronghold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ashnod's Battle Gear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bronze Tablet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Golgothian Sylex
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mishra's War Machine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rocket Launcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artifact Possession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drafna's Restoration
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunting Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phyrexian Gremlins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Priest of Yawgmoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sage of Lat-Nam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Powerleech
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Weaponsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artifact Ward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Circle of Protection: Artifacts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Damping Field
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reverse Polarity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorilla Chieftain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aladdin's Lamp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aladdin's Ring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dancing Scimitar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jandor's Ring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jandor's Saddlebags
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyramids
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandals of Abdallah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/El-Hajjâj
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stone-Throwing Devils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Island Fish Jasconius
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merchant Ship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nafs Asp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ali Baba
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert Nomads
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hurr Jackal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magnetic Mountain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Army of Allah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Camel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jihad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/King Suleiman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Piety
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shahrazad
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ardent Plea
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Mimeomancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Offering to Asha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanctum Plowbeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield of the Righteous
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sovereigns of Lost Alara
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stormcaller's Boon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brainbite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Etherium Abomination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusory Demon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lich Lord of Unx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mask of Riddles
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nemesis of Reason
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulquake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time Sieve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Ghoul
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiler of Souls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonic Dread
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demonspine Whip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Reaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monstrous Carabid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sanity Gnawers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Singe-Mind Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Hemorrhage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veinfire Borderpost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blitz Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadshot Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Firewild Borderpost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Godtracker of Jund
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorger Wurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predatory Advantage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhox Brute
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Violent Outburst
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vithian Renegades
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Captured Sunlight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grizzled Leotau
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Armorguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reborn Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigil of the Nayan Gods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigiled Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wildfield Borderpost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Identity Crisis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tainted Sigil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vectis Dominator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloven Casting
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Double Negative
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magefire Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyclaw Thrash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marrow Chomper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Morbid Bloom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fight to the Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Intimidation Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nulltread Gargantuan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sages of the Anima
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Heretic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Esper Sojourners
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Etherwrought Page
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sen Triplets
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drastic Revelation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grixis Sojourners
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unscythe, Killer of Kings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Appeasement
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jund Sojourners
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Karrthus, Tyrant of Jund
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Madrush Cyclops
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gloryscale Viashino
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mayael's Aria
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Uril, the Miststalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bant Sojourners
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Finest Hour
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flurry of Wings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wargate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maelstrom Nexus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Esper Stormblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grixis Grimblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sewn-Eye Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Giant Ambush Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jund Hackblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sangrite Backlash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naya Hushblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trace of Abundance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bant Sureblade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crystallization
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Messenger Falcons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angelfire Crusader
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coalition Flag
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dega Disciple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dega Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Degavolver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diversionary Tactics
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Divine Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enlistment Officer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/False Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haunted Angel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Helionaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manacles of Decay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shield of Duty and Reason
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Lynx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Standard Bearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ceta Disciple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ceta Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cetavolver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coastal Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ice Cave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jaded Response
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jilt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Living Airship
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reef Shaman
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimmering Mirage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unnatural Selection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vodalian Mystic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirlpool Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whirlpool Rider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dead Ringers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foul Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grave Defiler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Last Caress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind Extraction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mournful Zombie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necra Disciple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necra Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Necravolver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Planar Despair
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suppress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zombie Boa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodfire Dwarf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodfire Infusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Landslide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dwarven Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illuminate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Glider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minotaur Tactician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raka Disciple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Raka Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rakavolver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tahngarth's Glare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tundra Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wild Research
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ana Disciple
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ana Sanctuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anavolver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bog Gnarr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Balance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glade Gnarr
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Howler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kavu Mauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Penumbra Bobcat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Penumbra Kavu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Gorilla
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Strength of Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Symbiotic Deployment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tranquil Path
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urborg Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cromat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ebony Treefolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fervent Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flowstone Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gaea's Skyfolk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Guided Passage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Llanowar Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyrs' Tomb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minotaur Illusionist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Overgrown Estate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Powerstone Minefield
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Putrid Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razorfin Hunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul Link
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squee's Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Squee's Revenge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suffocating Blast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temporal Spring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yavimaya's Embrace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Night
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Day
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brass Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon Arch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emblazoned Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Legacy Weapon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mask of Intolerance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mystic Compass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarab of the Unseen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldevi Sentry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldevi Steam Beast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Storm Cauldron
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Urza's Engine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Diseased Vermin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fatal Lore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of Tresserhorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krovikan Plague
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldevi Adnate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stench of Decay
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stromgald Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Awesome Presence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foresight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Library of Lat-Nam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Phantasmal Sphere
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldevi Heretic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldevi Sage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suffocation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tidal Control
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fyndhorn Druid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift of the Woods
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gorilla Berserkers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nature's Chosen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Splintering Wind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Taste of Paradise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undergrowth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whip Vine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Agent of Stromgald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Balduvian War-Makers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chaos Harlequin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enslaved Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Omen of Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soldier of Fortune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Veteran's Voice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrier Pigeons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kjeldoran Escort
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Martyrdom
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Noble Steeds
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Royal Herbalist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seasoned Tactician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sworn Defender
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unlikely Alliance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lim-Dûl's Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Misfortune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Surge of Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/School of the Unseen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sheltered Valley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Akrasan Squire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel's Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bant Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gustrider Exuberant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invincible Hymn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Knight-Captain of Eos
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Marble Chalice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resounding Silence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rockcaster Platoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scourglass
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sighted-Caste Sorcerer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigiled Paladin
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul's Grace
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunseed Nurturer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yoked Plowbeast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cathartic Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cloudheath Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Coma Veil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Courier's Capsule
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawnray Archer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Esper Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Etherium Astrolabe
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fatestitcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Filigree Sages
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gather Specimens
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhessian Lookout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kathari Screecher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kederekt Leviathan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mindlock Orb
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Outrider of Jhess
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Protomatter Powder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resounding Wave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skill Borrower
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spell Snip
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx's Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steelclad Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tortoise Formation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vectis Silencers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ad Nauseam
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archdemon of Unx
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Banewasp Affliction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blister Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cunning Lethemancer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Demon's Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dreg Reaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glaze Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grixis Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Immortal Coil
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Onyx Goblet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Puppet Conjurer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resounding Scream
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salvage Titan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowfeed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shore Snapper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skeletal Kathari
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tar Fiend
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Undead Leotau
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viscera Dragger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodpyre Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodthorn Taunter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caldera Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dragon's Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exuberant Firestoker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Incurable Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jund Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Predator Dragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resounding Thunder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ridge Rannet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul's Fire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viashino Skeleton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vicious Shadows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Volcanic Submersion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Behemoth's Herald
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cavern Thoctar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Court Archers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cylian Elf
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Druid of the Anima
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift of the Gargantuan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Godtoucher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jungle Weaver
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Keeper of Progenitus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lush Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mighty Emergence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mosstodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naya Battlemage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ooze Garden
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resounding Roar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhox Charger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacellum Godspeaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Savage Hunger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skullmulcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul's Might
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spearbreaker Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Topan Ascetic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bant Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blood Cultist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Brilliant Ultimatum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Carrion Thrash
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clarion Ultimatum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deft Duelist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Empyrial Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Esper Charm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Godsire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hindering Light
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Jhessian Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kederekt Creeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kiss of the Amesha
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prince of Thralls
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Punish Ignorance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Qasali Ambusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Realm Razer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rip-Clan Crasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sangrite Surge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sedris, the Traitor King
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sphinx Sovereign
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Swerve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thoughtcutter Agent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Violent Ultimatum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Waveskimmer Aven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Windwright Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lich's Mirror
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minion Reflector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obelisk of Bant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Obelisk of Naya
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sigil of Distinction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angel of Sanctions
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anointed Procession
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anointer Priest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Approach of the Second Sun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Binding Mummy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cartouche of Solidarity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cast Out
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Compulsory Rest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devoted Crop-Mate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Djeru's Resolve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fan Bearer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Forsake the Worldly
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon of the Trials
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon's Intervention
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glory-Bound Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gust Walker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/In Oketra's Name
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oketra's Attendant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Protection of the Hekma
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Regal Caracal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhet-Crop Spearmaster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Cat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seraph of the Suns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sparring Mummy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Supply Caravan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tah-Crop Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Those Who Serve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Time to Reflect
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trial of Solidarity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trueheart Duelist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unwavering Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vizier of Deferment
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vizier of Remedies
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winged Shepherd
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Angler Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/As Foretold
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cartouche of Knowledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Censor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Compelling Argument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cryptic Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Curator of Mysteries
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decision Paralysis
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Drake Haven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Floodwaters
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Galestrike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glyph Keeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hekma Sentinels
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hieroglyphic Illumination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusory Wrappings
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Labyrinth Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lay Claim
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naga Oracle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/New Perspectives
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Open into Wonder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pull from Tomorrow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/River Serpent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sacred Excavation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scribe of the Mindful
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Seeker of Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shimmerscale Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Slither Blade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tah-Crop Skirmisher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trial of Knowledge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vizier of Many Faces
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vizier of Tumbling Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winds of Rebuke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Zenith Seeker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Archfiend of Ifnir
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baleful Ammit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blighted Bat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bone Picker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cartouche of Ambition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Reality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cursed Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dispossess
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doomed Dissenter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dread Wanderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dune Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Faith of the Devoted
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Festering Mummy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Final Reward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grim Strider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lay Bare the Heart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana, Death's Majesty
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana's Mastery
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lord of the Accursed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Miasmic Mummy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nest of Scarabs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Painful Lesson
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pitiless Vizier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plague Belcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ruthless Sniper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scarab Feast
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadow of the Grave
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soulstinger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Splendid Agony
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stir the Sands
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trespasser's Curse
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trial of Ambition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wander in Death
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wasteland Scorpion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ahn-Crop Crasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battlefield Scavenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blazing Volley
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodlust Inciter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bloodrage Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/By Force
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cartouche of Zeal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Combat Celebrant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consuming Fervor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deem Worthy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desert Cerodon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Electrify
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Emberhorn Minotaur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Flameblade Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glorious End
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glorybringer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harsh Mentor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hazoret's Favor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heart-Piercer Manticore
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hyena Pack
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Limits of Solidarity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manticore of the Gauntlet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Minotaur Sureshot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nef-Crop Entangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nimble-Blade Khenra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pathmaker Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pursue Glory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Soul-Scar Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sweltering Suns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trial of Zeal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trueheart Twins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Violent Impact
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Warfire Javelineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Benefaction of Rhonas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bitterblade Warrior
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cartouche of Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Champion of Rhonas
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Channeler Initiate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Colossapede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crocodile of the Crossing
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiant Greatmaw
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dissenter's Deliverance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exemplar of Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gift of Paradise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greater Sandwurm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hapatra's Mark
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Harvest Season
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Haze of Pollen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honored Hydra
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hooded Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Initiate's Companion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Manglehorn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Naga Vitalist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oashra Cultivator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ornery Kudu
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pouncing Cheetah
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prowling Serpopard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quarry Hauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sandwurm Convergence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scaled Behemoth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shed Weakness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shefet Monitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sixth Sense
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stinging Shot
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Synchronized Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trial of Strength
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vizier of the Menagerie
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watchful Naga
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ahn-Crop Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aven Wind Guide
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bounty of the Luxa
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decimator Beetle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enigma Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hapatra, Vizier of Poisons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honored Crop-Captain
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Khenra Charioteer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merciless Javelineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neheb, the Worthy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nissa, Steward of Elements
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Samut, Voice of Dissent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shadowstorm Vizier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Temmet, Vizier of Naktamun
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wayward Servant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weaver of Currents
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dusk
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Commit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Memory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Never
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Return
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Insult
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Injury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mouth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Start
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Finish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reduce
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rubble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Destined
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Onward
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Victory
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spring
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prepare
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Failure
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Comply
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rags
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Riches
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ribbons
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heaven
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Earth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bontu's Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Edifice of Authority
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embalmer's Tools
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gate to the Afterlife
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hazoret's Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Honed Khopesh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kefnet's Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Luxa River Shrine
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oketra's Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oracle's Vault
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pyramid of the Pantheon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rhonas's Monument
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Throne of the God-Pharaoh
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watchers of the Dead
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Canyon Slough
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cascading Cataracts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cradle of the Accursed
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fetid Pools
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grasping Dunes
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Irrigated Farmland
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Painted Bluffs
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scattered Groves
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sheltered Thicket
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sunscorched Desert
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon, Martial Paragon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Companion of the Trials
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gideon's Resolve
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Graceful Cat
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana, Death Wielder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desiccated Naga
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Liliana's Influence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tattered Mummy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aerial Modification
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aeronaut Admiral
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Inspector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aethergeode Miner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Airdrop Aeronauts
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alley Evasion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Audacious Infiltrator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bastion Enforcer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Call for Unity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Caught in the Brights
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consulate Crackdown
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Countless Gears Renegade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawnfeather Eagle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deadeye Harpooner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Decommission
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Deft Dismissal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Exquisite Archangel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Felidar Guardian
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ghirapur Osprey
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Restoration Specialist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solemn Recruit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sram, Senior Edificer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sram's Expertise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thopter Arrest
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Swooper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aethertide Whale
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baral, Chief of Compliance
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baral's Expertise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bastion Inventor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disallow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dispersal Technician
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Efficient Construction
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hinterland Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ice Over
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Illusionist's Stratagem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leave in the Dust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mechanized Production
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metallic Rebuke
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksmith Spy
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reverse Engineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salvage Scuttler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shielded Aether Thief
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shipwreck Moray
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyship Plunderer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Take into Custody
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Trophy Mage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Whir of Invention
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wind-Kin Raiders
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Poisoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Alley Strangler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battle at the Bridge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cruel Finality
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daring Demolition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Defiant Salvager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fatal Push
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fen Hauler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foundry Hornet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fourth Bridge Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gifted Aetherborn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Glint-Sleeve Siphoner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gonti's Machinations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Herald of Anguish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ironclad Revolutionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Midnight Entourage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Night Market Aeronaut
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Perilous Predicament
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade's Getaway
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Resourceful Return
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Secret Salvage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sly Requisitioner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vengeful Rebel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yahenni, Undying Partisan
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Yahenni's Expertise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Chaser
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chandra's Revolution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Destructive Tampering
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Embraal Gear-Smasher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Enraged Giant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Freejam Regent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Frontline Rebel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gremlin Infestation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hungry Flames
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Indomitable Creativity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Invigorated Rampage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kari Zev, Skyship Raider
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Kari Zev's Expertise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lathnu Sailback
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lightning Runner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pia's Revolution
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Precise Strike
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Quicksmith Rebel
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ravenous Intruder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reckless Racer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Release the Gremlins
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrapper Champion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Siege Modification
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sweatworks Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Wrangle
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aether Herder
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherstream Leopard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aetherwind Basker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aid from the Cowl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Druid of the Cowl
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greenbelt Rampager
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Greenwheel Liberator
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heroic Intervention
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Herbalists
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Highspire Infusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifecraft Awakening
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifecraft Cavalry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifecrafter's Gift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maulfist Revolutionary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Monstrous Onslaught
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Narnam Renegade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Natural Obsolescence
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peema Aether-Seer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ridgescale Tusker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rishkar, Peema Renegade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rishkar's Expertise
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrounging Bandar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Silkweaver Elite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Unbridled Growth
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani Unyielding
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dark Intimations
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hidden Stockpile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Maverick Thopterist
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Oath of Ajani
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Outland Boar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Rallier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Wheelsmith
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rogue Refiner
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spire Patrol
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tezzeret the Schemer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tezzeret's Touch
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Weldfast Engineer
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Winding Constrictor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aegis Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Aethersphere Harvester
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Augmenting Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Barricade Breaker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cogwork Assembler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consulate Dreadnought
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Consulate Turret
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Crackdown Construct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Daredevil Dragster
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Filigree Crawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Foundry Assembler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gonti's Aether Heart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heart of Kiran
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Hope of Ghirapur
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Implement of Combustion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Implement of Examination
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Implement of Ferocity
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Implement of Improvement
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Implement of Malice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inspiring Statuary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Irontread Crusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lifecrafter's Bestiary
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Merchant's Dockhand
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Metallic Mimic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mobile Garrison
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Night Market Guard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pacification Array
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Peacewalker Colossus
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Prizefighter Construct
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Renegade Map
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reservoir Walker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Scrap Trawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Servo Schematic
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Universal Solvent
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Untethered Express
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Verdant Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Walking Ballista
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Watchful Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Welder Automaton
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spire of Industry
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani, Valiant Protector
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Inspiring Roar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani's Comrade
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ajani's Aid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tezzeret, Master of Metal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tezzeret's Betrayal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Pendulum of Patterns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tezzeret's Simulacrum
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Skyhunter Prowler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thought Courier
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Abuna's Chant
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Armed Response
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Auriok Windwalker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bringer of the White Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Leonin Squire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Anchorite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Loxodon Stalwart
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Retaliate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Roar of Reclamation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Stasis Cocoon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Steelshaper's Gift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vanquish
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Advanced Hoverguard
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Artificer's Intuition
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blinkmoth Infusion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bringer of the Blue Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Disruption Aura
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Early Frost
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eyes of the Watcher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fold into Aether
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Into Thin Air
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plasma Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spectral Shift
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vedalken Mastermind
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blind Creeper
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bringer of the Black Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Desecration Elemental
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Devour in Shadow
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dross Crocodile
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ebon Drake
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Endless Whispers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fill with Fright
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fleshgrafter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lose Hope
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mephidross Vampire
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Moriok Rigger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Nim Grotesque
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Plunge into Darkness
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Shattered Dreams
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Vicious Betrayal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bringer of the Red Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Cosmic Larva
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Feedback Bolt
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Brawler
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Granulate
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ion Storm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Iron-Barb Hellion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krark-Clan Engineers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krark-Clan Ogre
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Magnetic Theft
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rain of Rust
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Reversal of Fortune
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Screaming Fury
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Beacon of Creation
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Bringer of the Green Dawn
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Channel the Suns
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Dawn's Reflection
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Fangren Pathcutter
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ferocious Charge
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Joiner Adept
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ouphe Vandals
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Rite of Passage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tangle Asp
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tel-Jilad Justice
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tel-Jilad Lifebreather
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Tyrranax
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Lorebearers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Viridian Scout
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Anodet Lurker
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Arachnoid
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Avarice Totem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Baton of Courage
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Battered Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Blasting Station
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Chimeric Coils
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Clearwater Goblet
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Composite Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Conjurer's Bauble
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Doubling Cube
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ensouled Scimitar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Eon Hub
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Ferropede
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Gemstone Array
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Goblin Cannon
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grafted Wargear
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Grinding Station
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Healer's Headdress
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Heliophial
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Horned Helm
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Infused Arrows
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Krark-Clan Ironworks
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lantern of Insight
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Lunar Avenger
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Mycosynth Golem
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Quadropod
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Myr Servitor
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Neurok Stealthsuit
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Opaline Bracers
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Possessed Portal
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Razorgrass Screen
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Salvaging Station
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sawtooth Thresher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Solarion
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Sparring Collar
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Spinal Parasite
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summoner's Egg
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Summoning Station
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Suncrusher
https://mtgcrack.herokuapp.com/search/Thermal Navigator
